## Ore Dictionary Info                      ##
##############################################
## In the form:                             ##
## <ore dictionary entry>                   ##
##     <item id registered> - <item damage> ##
##     etc...                               ##
##############################################
IFWITHER


TIER10


TIER3


TIER4


TIER5


TIER6


Unknown


allFlowers
minecraft:yellow_flower - 0
minecraft:red_flower - 0
minecraft:red_flower - 1
minecraft:red_flower - 2
minecraft:red_flower - 3
minecraft:red_flower - 4
minecraft:red_flower - 5
minecraft:red_flower - 6
minecraft:red_flower - 7
minecraft:red_flower - 8


allTallFlowers
minecraft:double_plant - 0
minecraft:double_plant - 1
minecraft:double_plant - 4
minecraft:double_plant - 5


alloyAdvanced
mekanism:enrichedalloy - 0


alloyBasic
minecraft:redstone - 0


alloyElite
mekanism:reinforcedalloy - 0


alloyUltimate
mekanism:atomicalloy - 0


arrow
minecraft:arrow - 0
minecraft:spectral_arrow - 0
minecraft:tipped_arrow - 0


artisansAthame
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any


artisansBeaker
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any


artisansBurner
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any


artisansCarver
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any


artisansChisel
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any


artisansCompass
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any


artisansCutters
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any


artisansCuttingBoard
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any


artisansDriver
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any


artisansFile
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any


artisansFramingHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansGemCutter
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any


artisansGrimoire
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any


artisansGroover
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any


artisansHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansHandsaw
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any


artisansHatchet
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any


artisansKnife
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any


artisansLens
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any


artisansMortar
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any


artisansNeedle
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any


artisansPan
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any


artisansPencil
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any


artisansPliers
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any


artisansPunch
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any


artisansQuill
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any


artisansRazor
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any


artisansShears
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any


artisansSifter
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any


artisansSolderer
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansSpanner
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any


artisansTSquare
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any


artisansToolAluminium
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any


artisansToolAluminum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any


artisansToolBone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any


artisansToolBoron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any


artisansToolBoronnitride
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansToolBronze
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any


artisansToolConstantan
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any


artisansToolCopper
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any


artisansToolDiamond
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any


artisansToolElectrum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any


artisansToolFlint
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any


artisansToolGold
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any


artisansToolHardcarbon
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any


artisansToolInvar
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any


artisansToolIron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any


artisansToolLead
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any


artisansToolNickel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any


artisansToolOsmium
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any


artisansToolPlatinum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any


artisansToolSilver
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any


artisansToolSteel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any


artisansToolStone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any


artisansToolTin
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any


artisansToolToughalloy
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any


artisansToolWood
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any


artisansTrowel
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any


aubergine


bEnderAirBottle
botania:manaresource - 15


bFlask
botania:vial - 1


bPlaceholder
botania:manaresource - 11


bRedString
botania:manaresource - 12


bVial
botania:vial - 0


ballConductiveIron
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 4


ballConstructionAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 9


ballCrudeSteel
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ball - 0


ballCrystallineAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ball - 1


ballCrystallinePinkSlime
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ball - 4


ballDarkSteel
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 6


ballElectricalSteel
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 0


ballEndSteel
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 8


ballEnergeticAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 1


ballEnergeticSilver
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ball - 5


ballMelodicAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ball - 2


ballPulsatingIron
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 5


ballRedstoneAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 3


ballSoularium
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 7


ballStellarAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ball - 3


ballVibrantAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ball - 2


ballVividAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ball - 6


barsIron
minecraft:iron_bars - 0


basic


battery
mekanism:energytablet - 0


bed
minecraft:bed - 0
minecraft:bed - 1
minecraft:bed - 2
minecraft:bed - 3
minecraft:bed - 4
minecraft:bed - 5
minecraft:bed - 6
minecraft:bed - 7
minecraft:bed - 8
minecraft:bed - 9
minecraft:bed - 10
minecraft:bed - 11
minecraft:bed - 12
minecraft:bed - 13
minecraft:bed - 14
minecraft:bed - 15


beetroot


blockAgate
silentgems:gemblock - 12


blockAgateSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 12


blockAlexandrite
silentgems:gemblockdark - 15


blockAlexandriteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 15


blockAluminium
techreborn:storage - 1
thermalfoundation:storage - 4
immersiveengineering:storage - 1


blockAluminum
thermalfoundation:storage - 4
techreborn:storage - 1
immersiveengineering:storage - 1


blockAmber
silentgems:gemblock - 3


blockAmberSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 3


blockAmethyst
silentgems:gemblock - 11
mysticalworld:amethyst_block - 0


blockAmethystSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 11


blockAmetrine
silentgems:gemblockdark - 13


blockAmetrineSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 13


blockAmmolite
silentgems:gemblocklight - 11


blockAmmoliteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 11


blockApatite
silentgems:gemblocklight - 7


blockApatiteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 7


blockAquamarine
silentgems:gemblock - 8


blockAquamarineSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 8


blockAstralStarmetal
jaopca:block_blockastralstarmetal - 0


blockAurorianSteel
theaurorian:auroriansteelblock - 0


blockBauxite
jaopca:block_blockbauxite - 0


blockBeryl
silentgems:gemblock - 6


blockBerylSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 6


blockBlackDiamond
silentgems:gemblockdark - 14


blockBlackDiamondSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 14


blockBlackIron
extendedcrafting:storage - 0


blockBlaze
botania:blazeblock - 0


blockBlueTopaz
silentgems:gemblockdark - 9


blockBlueTopazSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 9


blockBlutonium
bigreactors:blockblutonium - 0


blockBone
tp:bone_block - 0
minecraft:bone_block - 0


blockBrass
techreborn:storage - 5


blockBronze
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 3
techreborn:storage - 14
mekanism:basicblock - 1


blockCactus
minecraft:cactus - 0


blockCarnelian
silentgems:gemblockdark - 0


blockCarnelianSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 0


blockCatsEye
silentgems:gemblocklight - 3


blockCatsEyeSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 3


blockCertusQuartz
jaopca:block_blockcertusquartz - 0


blockCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleanblock - 0


blockChaos
jaopca:block_blockchaos - 0


blockCharcoal
thermalfoundation:storage_resource - 0
mekanism:basicblock - 3
actuallyadditions:block_misc - 5
tp:charcoal_block - 0


blockChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:block_blockchargedcertusquartz - 0


blockChrome
techreborn:storage - 3


blockChromium
techreborn:storage - 3


blockChrysoprase
silentgems:gemblocklight - 6


blockChrysopraseSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 6


blockCinnabar
jaopca:block_blockcinnabar - 0


blockCitrine
silentgems:gemblockdark - 2


blockCitrineSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 2


blockClay
minecraft:clay - 0


blockCoal
minecraft:coal_block - 0


blockConductiveIron
enderio:block_alloy - 4


blockConstantan
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 4
immersiveengineering:storage - 6


blockConstructionAlloy
enderio:block_alloy - 9


blockCopper
thermalfoundation:storage - 0
techreborn:storage2 - 8
immersiveengineering:storage - 0
mekanism:basicblock - 12
mysticalworld:copper_block - 0


blockCoral
silentgems:gemblocklight - 1


blockCoralSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 1


blockCrudeSteel
enderio:block_alloy_endergy - 0


blockCrystallineAlloy
enderio:block_alloy_endergy - 1


blockCrystallinePinkSlime
enderio:block_alloy_endergy - 4


blockCrystaltine
extendedcrafting:storage - 3


blockCyanite
bigreactors:blockcyanite - 0


blockDarkSteel
enderio:block_alloy - 6


blockDemonicMetal
extrautils2:simpledecorative - 1


blockDiamond
minecraft:diamond_block - 0


blockDraconium
draconicevolution:draconium_block - 0


blockDraconiumAwakened
draconicevolution:draconic_block - 0


blockElectricalSteel
enderio:block_alloy - 0


blockElectrum
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 1
techreborn:storage - 7
immersiveengineering:storage - 7


blockEmerald
minecraft:emerald_block - 0


blockEnchantedMetal
extrautils2:simpledecorative - 0


blockEndSteel
enderio:block_alloy - 8


blockEnderEssence
jaopca:block_blockenderessence - 0


blockEnderium
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 7


blockEnergeticAlloy
enderio:block_alloy - 1


blockEnergeticSilver
enderio:block_alloy_endergy - 5


blockEvilMetal
extrautils2:simpledecorative - 2


blockFlint
tp:flint_block - 0


blockFluorite
silentgems:gemblocklight - 8


blockFluoriteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 8


blockFuelCoke
thermalfoundation:storage_resource - 1
immersiveengineering:stone_decoration - 3


blockGalena
jaopca:block_blockgalena - 0


blockGarnet
silentgems:gemblock - 1


blockGarnetSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 1


blockGlass
minecraft:glass - 0
minecraft:stained_glass - any
integratedterminals:menril_glass - 0
integratedterminals:chorus_glass - 0
silentgems:gemglass - 0
silentgems:gemglass - 1
silentgems:gemglass - 2
silentgems:gemglass - 3
silentgems:gemglass - 4
silentgems:gemglass - 5
silentgems:gemglass - 6
silentgems:gemglass - 7
silentgems:gemglass - 8
silentgems:gemglass - 9
silentgems:gemglass - 10
silentgems:gemglass - 11
silentgems:gemglass - 12
silentgems:gemglass - 13
silentgems:gemglass - 14
silentgems:gemglass - 15
silentgems:gemglassdark - 0
silentgems:gemglassdark - 1
silentgems:gemglassdark - 2
silentgems:gemglassdark - 3
silentgems:gemglassdark - 4
silentgems:gemglassdark - 5
silentgems:gemglassdark - 6
silentgems:gemglassdark - 7
silentgems:gemglassdark - 8
silentgems:gemglassdark - 9
silentgems:gemglassdark - 10
silentgems:gemglassdark - 11
silentgems:gemglassdark - 12
silentgems:gemglassdark - 13
silentgems:gemglassdark - 14
silentgems:gemglassdark - 15
silentgems:gemglasslight - 0
silentgems:gemglasslight - 1
silentgems:gemglasslight - 2
silentgems:gemglasslight - 3
silentgems:gemglasslight - 4
silentgems:gemglasslight - 5
silentgems:gemglasslight - 6
silentgems:gemglasslight - 7
silentgems:gemglasslight - 8
silentgems:gemglasslight - 9
silentgems:gemglasslight - 10
silentgems:gemglasslight - 11
silentgems:gemglasslight - 12
silentgems:gemglasslight - 13
silentgems:gemglasslight - 14
silentgems:gemglasslight - 15
enderio:block_fused_glass - any


blockGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass - 15
enderio:block_fused_glass - 15


blockGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 11
enderio:block_fused_glass - 11


blockGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass - 12
enderio:block_fused_glass - 12


blockGlassColorless
minecraft:glass - 0
enderio:block_fused_glass - 0


blockGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass - 9
enderio:block_fused_glass - 9


blockGlassDirty
tp:dirty_glass - 0


blockGlassGlowstone
tp:glowstone_glass - 0


blockGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 7
enderio:block_fused_glass - 7


blockGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass - 13
enderio:block_fused_glass - 13


blockGlassHardened
thermalfoundation:glass - any
thermalfoundation:glass_alloy - any
enderio:block_fused_quartz - any


blockGlassHardenedBlack
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 15


blockGlassHardenedBlue
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 11


blockGlassHardenedBrown
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 12


blockGlassHardenedCyan
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 9


blockGlassHardenedGray
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 7


blockGlassHardenedGreen
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 13


blockGlassHardenedLightBlue
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 3


blockGlassHardenedLightGray
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 8


blockGlassHardenedLime
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 5


blockGlassHardenedMagenta
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 2


blockGlassHardenedOrange
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 1


blockGlassHardenedPink
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 6


blockGlassHardenedPurple
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 10


blockGlassHardenedRed
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 14


blockGlassHardenedWhite
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 0


blockGlassHardenedYellow
enderio:block_fused_quartz - 4


blockGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 3
enderio:block_fused_glass - 3


blockGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 8
enderio:block_fused_glass - 8


blockGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass - 5
enderio:block_fused_glass - 5


blockGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass - 2
enderio:block_fused_glass - 2


blockGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass - 1
enderio:block_fused_glass - 1


blockGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass - 6
enderio:block_fused_glass - 6


blockGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass - 10
enderio:block_fused_glass - 10


blockGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass - 14
enderio:block_fused_glass - 14


blockGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass - 0
enderio:block_fused_glass - 0


blockGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass - 4
enderio:block_fused_glass - 4


blockGlowstone
minecraft:glowstone - 0


blockGold
minecraft:gold_block - 0


blockGoldenBeryl
silentgems:gemblockdark - 4


blockGoldenBerylSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 4


blockGraphite
bigreactors:blockgraphite - 0


blockGravel
minecraft:gravel - 0


blockHeliodor
silentgems:gemblock - 4


blockHeliodorSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 4


blockHopper
minecraft:hopper - 0


blockIce
minecraft:ice - 0


blockIndicolite
silentgems:gemblock - 7


blockIndicoliteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 7


blockInvar
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 2
techreborn:storage - 12


blockIolite
silentgems:gemblock - 10


blockIoliteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 10


blockIridium
thermalfoundation:storage - 7
techreborn:storage - 13


blockIron
minecraft:iron_block - 0


blockJade
silentgems:gemblocklight - 5


blockJadeSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 5


blockJasper
silentgems:gemblockdark - 3


blockJasperSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 3


blockKunzite
silentgems:gemblocklight - 12


blockKunziteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 12


blockKyanite
silentgems:gemblocklight - 9


blockKyaniteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 9


blockLapis
minecraft:lapis_block - 0


blockLead
thermalfoundation:storage - 3
techreborn:storage - 6
immersiveengineering:storage - 2


blockLepidolite
silentgems:gemblockdark - 12


blockLepidoliteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 12


blockLudicrite
bigreactors:blockludicrite - 0


blockLuminessence
extendedcrafting:storage - 1


blockLumium
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 6


blockMagicalWood
extrautils2:decorativesolidwood - 1


blockMagma
minecraft:magma - 0


blockMalachite
silentgems:gemblockdark - 6


blockMalachiteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 6


blockMarble
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 0
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 1
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 2
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 3
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 4
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 5
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 6


blockMelodicAlloy
enderio:block_alloy_endergy - 2


blockMetal


blockMithril
thermalfoundation:storage - 8


blockMoldavite
silentgems:gemblockdark - 5


blockMoldaviteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 5


blockMoonstone
silentgems:gemblockdark - 8
theaurorian:moonstoneblock - 0


blockMoonstoneSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 8


blockMorganite
silentgems:gemblock - 13


blockMorganiteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 13


blockMushroom
minecraft:red_mushroom_block - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom_block - 0


blockNetherStar
extendedcrafting:storage - 2


blockNetherWart
minecraft:nether_wart_block - 0


blockNickel
thermalfoundation:storage - 5
techreborn:storage - 11
immersiveengineering:storage - 4


blockOnyx
silentgems:gemblock - 14


blockOnyxSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 14


blockOpal
silentgems:gemblock - 15


blockOpalSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 15


blockOsmium
mekanism:basicblock - 0


blockPackedIce
minecraft:packed_ice - 0


blockPearl
silentgems:gemblocklight - 15


blockPearlSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 15


blockPeridot
techreborn:storage2 - 5
silentgems:gemblock - 5


blockPeridotSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 5


blockPlatinum
thermalfoundation:storage - 6
techreborn:storage - 9


blockPlutonium


blockPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine - 0


blockPrismarineBrick
minecraft:prismarine - 1


blockPrismarineDark
minecraft:prismarine - 2


blockPulsatingIron
enderio:block_alloy - 5


blockPyrite
jaopca:block_blockpyrite - 0


blockPyrope
silentgems:gemblocklight - 0


blockPyropeSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 0


blockQuartz
minecraft:quartz_block - 0


blockQuartzBlack
actuallyadditions:block_misc - 2


blockQuartzBlaze
botania:quartztypeblaze - 0
botania:quartztypeblaze - 1
botania:quartztypeblaze - 2
botania:quartztypeblaze - 3
botania:quartztypeblaze - 4


blockQuartzDark
botania:quartztypedark - 0
botania:quartztypedark - 1
botania:quartztypedark - 2
botania:quartztypedark - 3
botania:quartztypedark - 4


blockQuartzElven
botania:quartztypeelf - 0
botania:quartztypeelf - 1
botania:quartztypeelf - 2
botania:quartztypeelf - 3
botania:quartztypeelf - 4


blockQuartzLavender
botania:quartztypelavender - 0
botania:quartztypelavender - 1
botania:quartztypelavender - 2
botania:quartztypelavender - 3
botania:quartztypelavender - 4


blockQuartzMana
botania:quartztypemana - 0
botania:quartztypemana - 1
botania:quartztypemana - 2
botania:quartztypemana - 3
botania:quartztypemana - 4


blockQuartzRed
botania:quartztypered - 0
botania:quartztypered - 1
botania:quartztypered - 2
botania:quartztypered - 3
botania:quartztypered - 4


blockQuartzSunny
botania:quartztypesunny - 0
botania:quartztypesunny - 1
botania:quartztypesunny - 2
botania:quartztypesunny - 3
botania:quartztypesunny - 4


blockRedGarnet
techreborn:storage2 - 7


blockRedstone
minecraft:redstone_block - 0


blockRedstoneAlloy
enderio:block_alloy - 3


blockRefinedGlowstone
mekanism:basicblock - 4


blockRefinedObsidian
mekanism:basicblock - 2


blockReinforcedGlass
tp:reinforced_glass - 0


blockReinforcedObsidian
tp:reinforced_obsidian - 0


blockRockwool
thermalfoundation:rockwool - any


blockRoseQuartz
silentgems:gemblocklight - 13


blockRoseQuartzSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 13


blockRuby
techreborn:storage2 - 3
silentgems:gemblock - 0


blockRubySuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 0


blockSalt
mekanism:saltblock - 0


blockSapphire
techreborn:storage2 - 4
silentgems:gemblock - 9


blockSapphireSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 9


blockSheetmetalAluminium
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 1


blockSheetmetalAluminum
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 1


blockSheetmetalConstantan
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 6


blockSheetmetalCopper
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 0


blockSheetmetalElectrum
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 7


blockSheetmetalGold
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 10


blockSheetmetalIron
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 9


blockSheetmetalLead
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 2


blockSheetmetalNickel
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 4


blockSheetmetalSilver
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 3


blockSheetmetalSteel
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 8


blockSheetmetalUranium
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal - 5


blockSignalum
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 5


blockSilver
thermalfoundation:storage - 2
techreborn:storage - 0
immersiveengineering:storage - 3
mysticalworld:silver_block - 0


blockSlime
minecraft:slime - 0


blockSlimeCongealed


blockSnow
minecraft:snow - 0


blockSodalite
silentgems:gemblocklight - 10


blockSodaliteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 10


blockSoularium
enderio:block_alloy - 7


blockSphalerite
jaopca:block_blocksphalerite - 0


blockSpinel
silentgems:gemblockdark - 1


blockSpinelSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 1


blockSteel
thermalfoundation:storage_alloy - 0
techreborn:storage - 4
bigreactors:blocksteel - 0
immersiveengineering:storage - 8
mekanism:basicblock - 5
tp:steel_block - 0


blockStellarAlloy
enderio:block_alloy_endergy - 3


blockSunstone
silentgems:gemblocklight - 2


blockSunstoneSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 2


blockTanzanite
silentgems:gemblockdark - 10


blockTanzaniteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 10


blockTektite
silentgems:gemblocklight - 14


blockTektiteSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 14


blockTin
thermalfoundation:storage - 1
techreborn:storage2 - 9
mekanism:basicblock - 13


blockTitanium
techreborn:storage - 2


blockTopaz
silentgems:gemblock - 2


blockTopazSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuper - 2


blockTungsten
techreborn:storage - 10


blockTungstensteel
techreborn:storage2 - 0


blockTurquoise
silentgems:gemblockdark - 7


blockTurquoiseSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 7


blockUltimate
extendedcrafting:storage - 4


blockUranium
immersiveengineering:storage - 5


blockVibrantAlloy
enderio:block_alloy - 2


blockVioletSapphire
silentgems:gemblockdark - 11


blockVioletSapphireSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperdark - 11


blockVividAlloy
enderio:block_alloy_endergy - 6


blockWool
minecraft:wool - any


blockWoolBlack
minecraft:wool - 15


blockWoolBlue
minecraft:wool - 11


blockWoolBrown
minecraft:wool - 12


blockWoolCyan
minecraft:wool - 9


blockWoolGray
minecraft:wool - 7


blockWoolGreen
minecraft:wool - 13


blockWoolLightBlue
minecraft:wool - 3


blockWoolLightGray
minecraft:wool - 8


blockWoolLime
minecraft:wool - 5


blockWoolMagenta
minecraft:wool - 2


blockWoolOrange
minecraft:wool - 1


blockWoolPink
minecraft:wool - 6


blockWoolPurple
minecraft:wool - 10


blockWoolRed
minecraft:wool - 14


blockWoolWhite
minecraft:wool - 0


blockWoolYellow
minecraft:wool - 4


blockYellorium
bigreactors:blockyellorium - 0


blockYellowGarnet
techreborn:storage2 - 6


blockZinc
techreborn:storage - 8


blockZircon
silentgems:gemblocklight - 4


blockZirconSuper
silentgems:gemblocksuperlight - 4


bone
minecraft:bone - 0


bookshelf
minecraft:bookshelf - 0


bricksStone
minecraft:stonebrick - 0


chainmail
tp:chainmail_part - 0


charcoal
minecraft:coal - 1


chest
minecraft:chest - 0
minecraft:ender_chest - 0
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0
minecraft:white_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:orange_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:lime_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:pink_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:gray_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:silver_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:purple_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:brown_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:green_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:red_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:black_shulker_box - 0


chestEnder
minecraft:ender_chest - 0


chestTrapped
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0


chestWood
minecraft:chest - 0
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0


circuitAdvanced
mekanism:controlcircuit - 1
techreborn:part - 30


circuitBasic
mekanism:controlcircuit - 0
techreborn:part - 29


circuitElite
mekanism:controlcircuit - 2
techreborn:part - 1


circuitMaster
techreborn:part - 0


circuitStorage
techreborn:part - 2


circuitUltimate
mekanism:controlcircuit - 3


clathrateEnder
thermalfoundation:material - 895


clathrateGlowstone
thermalfoundation:material - 894


clathrateOil
thermalfoundation:material - 892


clathrateRedstone
thermalfoundation:material - 893


clayBall
minecraft:clay_ball - 0


clothManaweave
botania:manaresource - 22


clumpAluminium
jaopca:item_clumpaluminium - 0


clumpAluminum
jaopca:item_clumpaluminium - 0


clumpAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_clumpastralstarmetal - 0


clumpCopper
mekanism:clump - 3


clumpDraconium
jaopca:item_clumpdraconium - 0


clumpGold
mekanism:clump - 1


clumpIridium
jaopca:item_clumpiridium - 0


clumpIron
mekanism:clump - 0


clumpLead
mekanism:clump - 6


clumpMithril
jaopca:item_clumpmithril - 0


clumpNickel
jaopca:item_clumpnickel - 0


clumpOsmium
mekanism:clump - 2


clumpPlatinum
jaopca:item_clumpplatinum - 0


clumpSilver
mekanism:clump - 5


clumpTin
mekanism:clump - 4


clumpTungsten
jaopca:item_clumptungsten - 0


clumpUranium
jaopca:item_clumpuranium - 0


clumpYellorium
jaopca:item_clumpyellorium - 0


coal
minecraft:coal - 0


coalPowered
extrautils2:ingredients - 4


cobblestone
minecraft:cobblestone - 0


cobblestoneAurorian
theaurorian:auroriancobblestone - 0


cofh:potion
minecraft:potion - 0


coinAluminium
thermalfoundation:coin - 68


coinAluminum
thermalfoundation:coin - 68


coinAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_coinastralstarmetal - 0


coinBronze
thermalfoundation:coin - 99


coinConstantan
thermalfoundation:coin - 100


coinCopper
thermalfoundation:coin - 64


coinDraconium
jaopca:item_coindraconium - 0


coinElectrum
thermalfoundation:coin - 97


coinEnderium
thermalfoundation:coin - 103


coinGold
thermalfoundation:coin - 1


coinInvar
thermalfoundation:coin - 98


coinIridium
thermalfoundation:coin - 71


coinIron
thermalfoundation:coin - 0


coinLead
thermalfoundation:coin - 67


coinLumium
thermalfoundation:coin - 102


coinMithril
thermalfoundation:coin - 72


coinNickel
thermalfoundation:coin - 69


coinOsmium
jaopca:item_coinosmium - 0


coinPlatinum
thermalfoundation:coin - 70


coinSignalum
thermalfoundation:coin - 101


coinSilver
thermalfoundation:coin - 66


coinSteel
thermalfoundation:coin - 96


coinTin
thermalfoundation:coin - 65


coinTungsten
jaopca:item_cointungsten - 0


coinUranium
jaopca:item_coinuranium - 0


coinYellorium
jaopca:item_coinyellorium - 0


compressed1xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 0


compressed1xDirt
extrautils2:compresseddirt - 0


compressed1xDustBedrock
enderio:block_infinity - 0


compressed1xGravel
extrautils2:compressedgravel - 0


compressed1xNetherrack
extrautils2:compressednetherrack - 0


compressed1xSand
extrautils2:compressedsand - 0


compressed2xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 1


compressed2xDirt
extrautils2:compresseddirt - 1


compressed2xDustBedrock
enderio:block_infinity - 1


compressed2xGravel
extrautils2:compressedgravel - 1


compressed2xNetherrack
extrautils2:compressednetherrack - 1


compressed2xSand
extrautils2:compressedsand - 1


compressed3xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 2


compressed3xDirt
extrautils2:compresseddirt - 2


compressed3xDustBedrock
enderio:block_infinity - 2


compressed3xNetherrack
extrautils2:compressednetherrack - 2


compressed4xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 3


compressed4xDirt
extrautils2:compresseddirt - 3


compressed4xNetherrack
extrautils2:compressednetherrack - 3


compressed5xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 4


compressed5xNetherrack
extrautils2:compressednetherrack - 4


compressed6xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 5


compressed6xNetherrack
extrautils2:compressednetherrack - 5


compressed7xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 6


compressed8xCobblestone
extrautils2:compressedcobblestone - 7


concrete
immersiveengineering:stone_decoration - 5
immersiveengineering:stone_decoration - 6


crafterWood
minecraft:crafting_table - 0


craftingDiamondGrinder
techreborn:part - 4


craftingIndustrialDiamond
minecraft:diamond - 0


craftingPiston
minecraft:piston - 0
minecraft:sticky_piston - 0


craftingSuperconductor
techreborn:part - 17


craftingTableWood
minecraft:crafting_table - 0


craftingTungstenGrinder
techreborn:part - 6


cropAubergine
mysticalworld:aubergine - 0


cropBean
randomthings:beans - 0


cropBeetroot
minecraft:beetroot - 0


cropBlackberry
tp:blackberry_berry - 0


cropBlueberry
tp:blueberry_berry - 0


cropCanola
actuallyadditions:item_misc - 13


cropCarrot
minecraft:carrot - 0


cropCoffee
actuallyadditions:item_coffee_beans - 0


cropEggplant
mysticalworld:aubergine - 0


cropFlax
minecraft:string - 0


cropMaloberry
tp:maloberry_berry - 0


cropMelon
minecraft:melon_block - 0


cropNetherWart
minecraft:nether_wart - 0


cropPeach
tp:plump_peach - 0


cropPear
tp:plump_pear - 0


cropPotato
minecraft:potato - 0


cropPumpkin
minecraft:pumpkin - 0


cropRaspberry
tp:raspberry_berry - 0


cropRice
actuallyadditions:item_food - 16


cropWheat
minecraft:wheat - 0


crystalAluminium
jaopca:item_crystalaluminium - 0


crystalAluminum
jaopca:item_crystalaluminium - 0


crystalAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_crystalastralstarmetal - 0


crystalCertusQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 0


crystalCinnabar
thermalfoundation:material - 866


crystalCopper
mekanism:crystal - 3


crystalCrudeOil
thermalfoundation:material - 892


crystalDraconium
jaopca:item_crystaldraconium - 0


crystalEnder
thermalfoundation:material - 895


crystalFluix
appliedenergistics2:material - 7


crystalGlowstone
thermalfoundation:material - 894


crystalGold
mekanism:crystal - 1


crystalIridium
jaopca:item_crystaliridium - 0


crystalIron
mekanism:crystal - 0


crystalLead
mekanism:crystal - 6


crystalMithril
jaopca:item_crystalmithril - 0


crystalNickel
jaopca:item_crystalnickel - 0


crystalOsmium
mekanism:crystal - 2


crystalPlatinum
jaopca:item_crystalplatinum - 0


crystalPureCertusQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 10


crystalPureFluix
appliedenergistics2:material - 12


crystalPureNetherQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 11


crystalRedstone
thermalfoundation:material - 893


crystalSilver
mekanism:crystal - 5


crystalSlag
thermalfoundation:material - 864
immersiveengineering:material - 7


crystalSlagRich
thermalfoundation:material - 865


crystalTin
mekanism:crystal - 4


crystalTungsten
jaopca:item_crystaltungsten - 0


crystalUranium
jaopca:item_crystaluranium - 0


crystalYellorium
jaopca:item_crystalyellorium - 0


darkFusedGlass
enderio:block_dark_fused_glass - any


darkFusedQuartz
enderio:block_dark_fused_quartz - any


decorativeGrave
tombstone:decorative_grave_simple - 0
tombstone:decorative_grave_normal - 0
tombstone:decorative_grave_cross - 0
tombstone:decorative_tombstone - 0
tombstone:decorative_subaraki_grave - 0
tombstone:decorative_grave_original - 0
tombstone:decorative_grave_simple - 1
tombstone:decorative_grave_normal - 1
tombstone:decorative_grave_cross - 1
tombstone:decorative_tombstone - 1
tombstone:decorative_subaraki_grave - 1
tombstone:decorative_grave_original - 1


dirt
minecraft:dirt - 0
theaurorian:auroriandirt - 0


dirtyGemAmmolite
jaopca:item_dirtygemammolite - 0


dirtyGemCatsEye
jaopca:item_dirtygemcatseye - 0


dirtyGemChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_dirtygemchargedcertusquartz - 0


dirtyGemChrysoprase
jaopca:item_dirtygemchrysoprase - 0


dirtyGemCoal
jaopca:item_dirtygemcoal - 0


dirtyGemCoral
jaopca:item_dirtygemcoral - 0


dirtyGemFluorite
jaopca:item_dirtygemfluorite - 0


dirtyGemJade
jaopca:item_dirtygemjade - 0


dirtyGemKunzite
jaopca:item_dirtygemkunzite - 0


dirtyGemKyanite
jaopca:item_dirtygemkyanite - 0


dirtyGemPearl
jaopca:item_dirtygempearl - 0


dirtyGemPyrope
jaopca:item_dirtygempyrope - 0


dirtyGemRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_dirtygemrosequartz - 0


dirtyGemSodalite
jaopca:item_dirtygemsodalite - 0


dirtyGemSunstone
jaopca:item_dirtygemsunstone - 0


dirtyGemTektite
jaopca:item_dirtygemtektite - 0


dirtyGemZircon
jaopca:item_dirtygemzircon - 0


doorIron
minecraft:iron_door - 0


doorWood
minecraft:acacia_door - 0
minecraft:birch_door - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_door - 0
minecraft:wooden_door - 0
minecraft:jungle_door - 0
minecraft:spruce_door - 0
roots:wildwood_door - 0


dragonEgg
minecraft:dragon_egg - 0


dragonScale
tp:dragon_scale - 0


drawerBasic
storagedrawers:basicdrawers - any


drawerTrim
storagedrawers:trim - any


dreamwood
botania:dreamwood - 0


dreamwoodTwig
botania:manaresource - 13


drillBasic
techreborn:irondrill - 0


drillDiamond
techreborn:diamonddrill - 0


dropofevil
extrautils2:ingredients - 10


dustAerotheum
thermalfoundation:material - 1026


dustAgate
jaopca:item_dustagate - 0


dustAlchAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_dustalchastralstarmetal - 0


dustAlexandrite
jaopca:item_dustalexandrite - 0


dustAlmandine
techreborn:dust - 0


dustAluminium
thermalfoundation:material - 68
immersiveengineering:metal - 10
techreborn:dust - 1


dustAluminum
thermalfoundation:material - 68
immersiveengineering:metal - 10
techreborn:dust - 1


dustAmber
jaopca:item_dustamber - 0


dustAmethyst
jaopca:item_dustamethyst - 0


dustAmetrine
jaopca:item_dustametrine - 0


dustAmmolite
jaopca:item_dustammolite - 0


dustAndesite
techreborn:dust - 61


dustAndradite
techreborn:dust - 2


dustAnglesite


dustApatite
jaopca:item_dustapatite - 0


dustAquamarine
jaopca:item_dustaquamarine - 0


dustArdite


dustAsh
techreborn:dust - 3


dustAshes
techreborn:dust - 3


dustAstralStarmetal
astralsorcery:itemcraftingcomponent - 2


dustBasalt
techreborn:dust - 4


dustBasalz
thermalfoundation:material - 2053


dustBauxite
techreborn:dust - 5


dustBedrock
enderio:item_material - 20


dustBenitoite


dustBeryl
jaopca:item_dustberyl - 0


dustBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_dustblackdiamond - 0


dustBlackGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 14


dustBlaze
minecraft:blaze_powder - 0


dustBlitz
thermalfoundation:material - 2051


dustBlizz
thermalfoundation:material - 2049


dustBlueGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 10


dustBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_dustbluetopaz - 0


dustBlutonium
bigreactors:dustblutonium - 0


dustBoron


dustBrass
techreborn:dust - 6


dustBronze
thermalfoundation:material - 99
techreborn:dust - 7


dustBrownGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 11


dustCalcite
techreborn:dust - 8


dustCarnelian
jaopca:item_dustcarnelian - 0


dustCatsEye
jaopca:item_dustcatseye - 0


dustCertusQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 2


dustChaos
jaopca:item_dustchaos - 0


dustCharcoal
thermalfoundation:material - 769
techreborn:dust - 9
tp:tiny_charcoal - 0


dustChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_dustchargedcertusquartz - 0


dustChrome
techreborn:dust - 10


dustChromium
techreborn:dust - 10


dustChrysoprase
jaopca:item_dustchrysoprase - 0


dustCinnabar
techreborn:dust - 11


dustCitrine
jaopca:item_dustcitrine - 0


dustClathrateEnder


dustClathrateGlowstone


dustClathrateOilSand


dustClathrateOilShale


dustClathrateRedstone


dustClay
techreborn:dust - 12


dustCoal
thermalfoundation:material - 768
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 6
techreborn:dust - 13
enderio:item_material - 23
tp:tiny_coal - 0
bloodmagic:component - 21
dirtcraft:coaldust - 0


dustCobalt


dustCoke
immersiveengineering:material - 17


dustConstantan
thermalfoundation:material - 100
immersiveengineering:metal - 15


dustCopper
thermalfoundation:material - 64
immersiveengineering:metal - 9
mekanism:dust - 3
techreborn:dust - 14
mysticalworld:copper_dust - 0
enderio:item_material - 26


dustCoral
jaopca:item_dustcoral - 0


dustCryotheum
thermalfoundation:material - 1025


dustCyanGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 8


dustCyanite
bigreactors:dustcyanite - 0


dustDarkAshes
techreborn:dust - 15


dustDiamond
mekanism:otherdust - 0
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 2
techreborn:dust - 16


dustDiorite
techreborn:dust - 62


dustDirtyAluminium
jaopca:item_dustdirtyaluminium - 0


dustDirtyAluminum
jaopca:item_dustdirtyaluminium - 0


dustDirtyAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_dustdirtyastralstarmetal - 0


dustDirtyCopper
mekanism:dirtydust - 3


dustDirtyDraconium
jaopca:item_dustdirtydraconium - 0


dustDirtyGold
mekanism:dirtydust - 1


dustDirtyIridium
jaopca:item_dustdirtyiridium - 0


dustDirtyIron
mekanism:dirtydust - 0


dustDirtyLead
mekanism:dirtydust - 6


dustDirtyMithril
jaopca:item_dustdirtymithril - 0


dustDirtyNickel
jaopca:item_dustdirtynickel - 0


dustDirtyOsmium
mekanism:dirtydust - 2


dustDirtyPlatinum
jaopca:item_dustdirtyplatinum - 0


dustDirtySilver
mekanism:dirtydust - 5


dustDirtyTin
mekanism:dirtydust - 4


dustDirtyTungsten
jaopca:item_dustdirtytungsten - 0


dustDirtyUranium
jaopca:item_dustdirtyuranium - 0


dustDirtyYellorium
jaopca:item_dustdirtyyellorium - 0


dustDraconium
draconicevolution:draconium_dust - 0


dustElectrum
thermalfoundation:material - 97
immersiveengineering:metal - 16
techreborn:dust - 17


dustEmerald
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 3
techreborn:dust - 18


dustEndCoal


dustEndDiamond


dustEndEmerald


dustEndGold


dustEndIron


dustEndLapis


dustEndRedstone


dustEnder
appliedenergistics2:material - 46
tp:ender_dust - 0
dirtcraft:moyingfen - 0


dustEnderEssence
jaopca:item_dustenderessence - 0


dustEnderEye
techreborn:dust - 19


dustEnderOre


dustEnderPearl
appliedenergistics2:material - 46
techreborn:dust - 20


dustEnderium
thermalfoundation:material - 103


dustEndstone
techreborn:dust - 21


dustEssence


dustFlint
techreborn:dust - 22


dustFluix
appliedenergistics2:material - 8


dustFluorite
jaopca:item_dustfluorite - 0


dustGalena
techreborn:dust - 23


dustGarnet
jaopca:item_dustgarnet - 0


dustGlowstone
minecraft:glowstone_dust - 0


dustGold
thermalfoundation:material - 1
appliedenergistics2:material - 51
immersiveengineering:metal - 19
mekanism:dust - 1
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 1
techreborn:dust - 24
enderio:item_material - 25
mysticalworld:gold_dust - 0
bloodmagic:component - 20


dustGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_dustgoldenberyl - 0


dustGranite
techreborn:dust - 63


dustGraphite
bigreactors:dustgraphite - 0


dustGrave
tombstone:crafting_ingredient - 3


dustGrayGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 6


dustGreenGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 12


dustGrossular
techreborn:dust - 25


dustHOPGraphite
immersiveengineering:material - 18


dustHeliodor
jaopca:item_dustheliodor - 0


dustIndicolite
jaopca:item_dustindicolite - 0


dustInvar
thermalfoundation:material - 98
techreborn:dust - 26


dustIolite
jaopca:item_dustiolite - 0


dustIridium
thermalfoundation:material - 71
techreborn:dust - 64


dustIron
thermalfoundation:material - 0
appliedenergistics2:material - 49
immersiveengineering:metal - 18
mekanism:dust - 0
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 0
techreborn:dust - 27
enderio:item_material - 24
mysticalworld:iron_dust - 0
bloodmagic:component - 19
dirtcraft:irondust - 0


dustJade
jaopca:item_dustjade - 0


dustJasper
jaopca:item_dustjasper - 0


dustKunzite
jaopca:item_dustkunzite - 0


dustKyanite
jaopca:item_dustkyanite - 0


dustLapis
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 4
enderio:item_material - 32


dustLavaBlock


dustLazurite
techreborn:dust - 28


dustLead
thermalfoundation:material - 67
immersiveengineering:metal - 11
mekanism:dust - 6
techreborn:dust - 29


dustLepidolite
jaopca:item_dustlepidolite - 0


dustLightBlueGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 3


dustLightGrayGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 7


dustLimeGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 4


dustLithium
mekanism:otherdust - 4


dustLudicrite
bigreactors:dustludicrite - 0


dustLumium
thermalfoundation:material - 102


dustLunar
extrautils2:ingredients - 3


dustMagentaGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 2


dustMagnesium
techreborn:dust - 30


dustMalachite
jaopca:item_dustmalachite - 0


dustMana
thermalfoundation:material - 1028


dustManganese
techreborn:dust - 31


dustMarble
techreborn:dust - 32


dustMithril
thermalfoundation:material - 72


dustMoldavite
jaopca:item_dustmoldavite - 0


dustMoonstone
jaopca:item_dustmoonstone - 0


dustMorganite
jaopca:item_dustmorganite - 0


dustNetherCoal


dustNetherDiamond


dustNetherEmerald


dustNetherGold


dustNetherIron


dustNetherLapis


dustNetherQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 3
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 5
enderio:item_material - 33


dustNetherRedstone


dustNetherWubOre


dustNetherrack
techreborn:dust - 33


dustNickel
thermalfoundation:material - 69
immersiveengineering:metal - 13
techreborn:dust - 34


dustNiter
thermalfoundation:material - 772
immersiveengineering:material - 24
techreborn:dust - 44


dustObsidian
thermalfoundation:material - 770
mekanism:otherdust - 6
techreborn:dust - 35
enderio:item_material - 29
tp:obsidian_dust - 0


dustOnyx
jaopca:item_dustonyx - 0


dustOpal
jaopca:item_dustopal - 0


dustOrangeGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 1


dustOsmium
mekanism:dust - 2


dustPearl
jaopca:item_dustpearl - 0


dustPeridot
techreborn:dust - 36


dustPetrotheum
thermalfoundation:material - 1027


dustPhosphorous
techreborn:dust - 37


dustPinkGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 5


dustPlatinum
thermalfoundation:material - 70
techreborn:dust - 38


dustPlutonium
bigreactors:dustblutonium - 0
techreborn:dust - 67


dustPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_crystals - 0


dustPurpleGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 9


dustPyrite
techreborn:dust - 39


dustPyrope
techreborn:dust - 40


dustPyrotheum
thermalfoundation:material - 1024


dustQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 3
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 5


dustQuartzBlack
actuallyadditions:item_dust - 7


dustRedGarnet
techreborn:dust - 41


dustRedGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 13


dustRedstone
minecraft:redstone - 0


dustRefinedObsidian
mekanism:otherdust - 5


dustRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_dustrosequartz - 0


dustRuby
techreborn:dust - 43


dustSalt
mekanism:salt - 0


dustSaltpeter
thermalfoundation:material - 772
immersiveengineering:material - 24
techreborn:dust - 44
bloodmagic:component - 24


dustSapphire
techreborn:dust - 45


dustSawDust
techreborn:dust - 46


dustSheldonite


dustSignalum
thermalfoundation:material - 101


dustSilver
thermalfoundation:material - 66
immersiveengineering:metal - 12
mekanism:dust - 5
techreborn:dust - 47
mysticalworld:silver_dust - 0


dustSmallAgate
jaopca:item_dustsmallagate - 0


dustSmallAlexandrite
jaopca:item_dustsmallalexandrite - 0


dustSmallAlmandine
techreborn:smalldust - 0


dustSmallAluminium
techreborn:smalldust - 1


dustSmallAluminum
techreborn:smalldust - 1


dustSmallAmber
jaopca:item_dustsmallamber - 0


dustSmallAmethyst
jaopca:item_dustsmallamethyst - 0


dustSmallAmetrine
jaopca:item_dustsmallametrine - 0


dustSmallAmmolite
jaopca:item_dustsmallammolite - 0


dustSmallAndesite
techreborn:smalldust - 63


dustSmallAndradite
techreborn:smalldust - 2


dustSmallApatite
jaopca:item_dustsmallapatite - 0


dustSmallAquamarine
jaopca:item_dustsmallaquamarine - 0


dustSmallAshes
techreborn:smalldust - 3


dustSmallAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_dustsmallastralstarmetal - 0


dustSmallBasalt
techreborn:smalldust - 4


dustSmallBauxite
techreborn:smalldust - 5


dustSmallBeryl
jaopca:item_dustsmallberyl - 0


dustSmallBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_dustsmallblackdiamond - 0


dustSmallBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_dustsmallbluetopaz - 0


dustSmallBrass
techreborn:smalldust - 6


dustSmallBronze
techreborn:smalldust - 7


dustSmallCalcite
techreborn:smalldust - 8


dustSmallCarnelian
jaopca:item_dustsmallcarnelian - 0


dustSmallCatsEye
jaopca:item_dustsmallcatseye - 0


dustSmallCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_dustsmallcertusquartz - 0


dustSmallChaos
jaopca:item_dustsmallchaos - 0


dustSmallCharcoal
techreborn:smalldust - 9


dustSmallChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_dustsmallchargedcertusquartz - 0


dustSmallChrome
techreborn:smalldust - 10


dustSmallChromium
techreborn:smalldust - 10


dustSmallChrysoprase
jaopca:item_dustsmallchrysoprase - 0


dustSmallCinnabar
techreborn:smalldust - 11


dustSmallCitrine
jaopca:item_dustsmallcitrine - 0


dustSmallClay
techreborn:smalldust - 12


dustSmallCoal
techreborn:smalldust - 13


dustSmallCopper
techreborn:smalldust - 14


dustSmallCoral
jaopca:item_dustsmallcoral - 0


dustSmallDarkAshes
techreborn:smalldust - 15


dustSmallDiamond
techreborn:smalldust - 16


dustSmallDiorite
techreborn:smalldust - 64


dustSmallDraconium
jaopca:item_dustsmalldraconium - 0


dustSmallElectrum
techreborn:smalldust - 17


dustSmallEmerald
techreborn:smalldust - 18


dustSmallEnderEssence
jaopca:item_dustsmallenderessence - 0


dustSmallEnderEye
techreborn:smalldust - 19


dustSmallEnderPearl
techreborn:smalldust - 20


dustSmallEndstone
techreborn:smalldust - 21


dustSmallFlint
techreborn:smalldust - 22


dustSmallFluorite
jaopca:item_dustsmallfluorite - 0


dustSmallGalena
techreborn:smalldust - 23


dustSmallGarnet
jaopca:item_dustsmallgarnet - 0


dustSmallGlowstone
techreborn:smalldust - 62


dustSmallGold
techreborn:smalldust - 24


dustSmallGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_dustsmallgoldenberyl - 0


dustSmallGranite
techreborn:smalldust - 65


dustSmallGrossular
techreborn:smalldust - 25


dustSmallHeliodor
jaopca:item_dustsmallheliodor - 0


dustSmallIndicolite
jaopca:item_dustsmallindicolite - 0


dustSmallInvar
techreborn:smalldust - 26


dustSmallIolite
jaopca:item_dustsmalliolite - 0


dustSmallIridium
techreborn:smalldust - 66


dustSmallIron
techreborn:smalldust - 27


dustSmallJade
jaopca:item_dustsmalljade - 0


dustSmallJasper
jaopca:item_dustsmalljasper - 0


dustSmallKunzite
jaopca:item_dustsmallkunzite - 0


dustSmallKyanite
jaopca:item_dustsmallkyanite - 0


dustSmallLapis
jaopca:item_dustsmalllapis - 0


dustSmallLazurite
techreborn:smalldust - 28


dustSmallLead
techreborn:smalldust - 29


dustSmallLepidolite
jaopca:item_dustsmalllepidolite - 0


dustSmallMagnesium
techreborn:smalldust - 30


dustSmallMalachite
jaopca:item_dustsmallmalachite - 0


dustSmallManganese
techreborn:smalldust - 31


dustSmallMarble
techreborn:smalldust - 32


dustSmallMithril
jaopca:item_dustsmallmithril - 0


dustSmallMoldavite
jaopca:item_dustsmallmoldavite - 0


dustSmallMoonstone
jaopca:item_dustsmallmoonstone - 0


dustSmallMorganite
jaopca:item_dustsmallmorganite - 0


dustSmallNetherrack
techreborn:smalldust - 33


dustSmallNickel
techreborn:smalldust - 34


dustSmallNiter
techreborn:smalldust - 44


dustSmallObsidian
techreborn:smalldust - 35


dustSmallOnyx
jaopca:item_dustsmallonyx - 0


dustSmallOpal
jaopca:item_dustsmallopal - 0


dustSmallOsmium
jaopca:item_dustsmallosmium - 0


dustSmallPearl
jaopca:item_dustsmallpearl - 0


dustSmallPeridot
techreborn:smalldust - 36


dustSmallPhosphorous
techreborn:smalldust - 37


dustSmallPlatinum
techreborn:smalldust - 38


dustSmallPlutonium
techreborn:smalldust - 69


dustSmallPyrite
techreborn:smalldust - 39


dustSmallPyrope
techreborn:smalldust - 40


dustSmallQuartz
jaopca:item_dustsmallquartz - 0


dustSmallQuartzBlack
jaopca:item_dustsmallquartzblack - 0


dustSmallRedGarnet
techreborn:smalldust - 41


dustSmallRedstone
techreborn:smalldust - 61


dustSmallRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_dustsmallrosequartz - 0


dustSmallRuby
techreborn:smalldust - 43


dustSmallSaltpeter
techreborn:smalldust - 44


dustSmallSapphire
techreborn:smalldust - 45


dustSmallSawDust
techreborn:smalldust - 46


dustSmallSilver
techreborn:smalldust - 47


dustSmallSodalite
techreborn:smalldust - 48


dustSmallSpessartine
techreborn:smalldust - 49


dustSmallSphalerite
techreborn:smalldust - 50


dustSmallSpinel
jaopca:item_dustsmallspinel - 0


dustSmallSteel
techreborn:smalldust - 51


dustSmallSulfur
techreborn:smalldust - 52


dustSmallSulphur
techreborn:smalldust - 52


dustSmallSunstone
jaopca:item_dustsmallsunstone - 0


dustSmallTanzanite
jaopca:item_dustsmalltanzanite - 0


dustSmallTektite
jaopca:item_dustsmalltektite - 0


dustSmallThorium
techreborn:smalldust - 67


dustSmallTin
techreborn:smalldust - 53


dustSmallTitanium
techreborn:smalldust - 54


dustSmallTopaz
jaopca:item_dustsmalltopaz - 0


dustSmallTungsten
techreborn:smalldust - 55


dustSmallTurquoise
jaopca:item_dustsmallturquoise - 0


dustSmallUranium
techreborn:smalldust - 68


dustSmallUvarovite
techreborn:smalldust - 56


dustSmallVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_dustsmallvioletsapphire - 0


dustSmallYellorium
jaopca:item_dustsmallyellorium - 0


dustSmallYellowGarnet
techreborn:smalldust - 58


dustSmallZinc
techreborn:smalldust - 59


dustSmallZircon
jaopca:item_dustsmallzircon - 0


dustSodalite
techreborn:dust - 48


dustSoularium
enderio:item_material - 74


dustSpessartine
techreborn:dust - 49


dustSphalerite
techreborn:dust - 50


dustSpinel
jaopca:item_dustspinel - 0


dustSteel
thermalfoundation:material - 96
bigreactors:duststeel - 0
immersiveengineering:metal - 17
mekanism:otherdust - 1
techreborn:dust - 51


dustSulfur
thermalfoundation:material - 771
immersiveengineering:material - 25
mekanism:otherdust - 3
techreborn:dust - 52
bloodmagic:component - 23


dustSulphur
thermalfoundation:material - 771
immersiveengineering:material - 25
mekanism:otherdust - 3
techreborn:dust - 52


dustSunstone
jaopca:item_dustsunstone - 0


dustTanzanite
jaopca:item_dusttanzanite - 0


dustTektite
jaopca:item_dusttektite - 0


dustThorium
techreborn:dust - 65


dustTin
thermalfoundation:material - 65
mekanism:dust - 4
techreborn:dust - 53
enderio:item_material - 27


dustTinyAgate
jaopca:item_dusttinyagate - 0


dustTinyAlexandrite
jaopca:item_dusttinyalexandrite - 0


dustTinyAluminium
jaopca:item_dusttinyaluminium - 0


dustTinyAluminum
jaopca:item_dusttinyaluminium - 0


dustTinyAmber
jaopca:item_dusttinyamber - 0


dustTinyAmethyst
jaopca:item_dusttinyamethyst - 0


dustTinyAmetrine
jaopca:item_dusttinyametrine - 0


dustTinyAmmolite
jaopca:item_dusttinyammolite - 0


dustTinyApatite
jaopca:item_dusttinyapatite - 0


dustTinyAquamarine
jaopca:item_dusttinyaquamarine - 0


dustTinyAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_dusttinyastralstarmetal - 0


dustTinyBauxite
jaopca:item_dusttinybauxite - 0


dustTinyBeryl
jaopca:item_dusttinyberyl - 0


dustTinyBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_dusttinyblackdiamond - 0


dustTinyBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_dusttinybluetopaz - 0


dustTinyCarnelian
jaopca:item_dusttinycarnelian - 0


dustTinyCatsEye
jaopca:item_dusttinycatseye - 0


dustTinyCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_dusttinycertusquartz - 0


dustTinyChaos
jaopca:item_dusttinychaos - 0


dustTinyChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_dusttinychargedcertusquartz - 0


dustTinyChrysoprase
jaopca:item_dusttinychrysoprase - 0


dustTinyCinnabar
jaopca:item_dusttinycinnabar - 0


dustTinyCitrine
jaopca:item_dusttinycitrine - 0


dustTinyCoal
jaopca:item_dusttinycoal - 0


dustTinyCopper
mysticalworld:copper_dust_tiny - 0


dustTinyCoral
jaopca:item_dusttinycoral - 0


dustTinyDiamond
jaopca:item_dusttinydiamond - 0


dustTinyDraconium
jaopca:item_dusttinydraconium - 0


dustTinyEmerald
jaopca:item_dusttinyemerald - 0


dustTinyEnderEssence
jaopca:item_dusttinyenderessence - 0


dustTinyFluorite
jaopca:item_dusttinyfluorite - 0


dustTinyGalena
jaopca:item_dusttinygalena - 0


dustTinyGarnet
jaopca:item_dusttinygarnet - 0


dustTinyGold
jaopca:item_dusttinygold - 0


dustTinyGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_dusttinygoldenberyl - 0


dustTinyHeliodor
jaopca:item_dusttinyheliodor - 0


dustTinyIndicolite
jaopca:item_dusttinyindicolite - 0


dustTinyIolite
jaopca:item_dusttinyiolite - 0


dustTinyIridium
jaopca:item_dusttinyiridium - 0


dustTinyIron
jaopca:item_dusttinyiron - 0


dustTinyJade
jaopca:item_dusttinyjade - 0


dustTinyJasper
jaopca:item_dusttinyjasper - 0


dustTinyKunzite
jaopca:item_dusttinykunzite - 0


dustTinyKyanite
jaopca:item_dusttinykyanite - 0


dustTinyLapis
jaopca:item_dusttinylapis - 0


dustTinyLead
jaopca:item_dusttinylead - 0


dustTinyLepidolite
jaopca:item_dusttinylepidolite - 0


dustTinyMalachite
jaopca:item_dusttinymalachite - 0


dustTinyMithril
jaopca:item_dusttinymithril - 0


dustTinyMoldavite
jaopca:item_dusttinymoldavite - 0


dustTinyMoonstone
jaopca:item_dusttinymoonstone - 0


dustTinyMorganite
jaopca:item_dusttinymorganite - 0


dustTinyNickel
jaopca:item_dusttinynickel - 0


dustTinyOnyx
jaopca:item_dusttinyonyx - 0


dustTinyOpal
jaopca:item_dusttinyopal - 0


dustTinyOsmium
jaopca:item_dusttinyosmium - 0


dustTinyPearl
jaopca:item_dusttinypearl - 0


dustTinyPeridot
jaopca:item_dusttinyperidot - 0


dustTinyPlatinum
jaopca:item_dusttinyplatinum - 0


dustTinyPyrite
jaopca:item_dusttinypyrite - 0


dustTinyPyrope
jaopca:item_dusttinypyrope - 0


dustTinyQuartz
jaopca:item_dusttinyquartz - 0


dustTinyQuartzBlack
jaopca:item_dusttinyquartzblack - 0


dustTinyRedstone
jaopca:item_dusttinyredstone - 0


dustTinyRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_dusttinyrosequartz - 0


dustTinyRuby
jaopca:item_dusttinyruby - 0


dustTinySapphire
jaopca:item_dusttinysapphire - 0


dustTinySilver
mysticalworld:silver_dust_tiny - 0


dustTinySodalite
jaopca:item_dusttinysodalite - 0


dustTinySphalerite
jaopca:item_dusttinysphalerite - 0


dustTinySpinel
jaopca:item_dusttinyspinel - 0


dustTinySunstone
jaopca:item_dusttinysunstone - 0


dustTinyTanzanite
jaopca:item_dusttinytanzanite - 0


dustTinyTektite
jaopca:item_dusttinytektite - 0


dustTinyTin
jaopca:item_dusttinytin - 0


dustTinyTopaz
jaopca:item_dusttinytopaz - 0


dustTinyTungsten
jaopca:item_dusttinytungsten - 0


dustTinyTurquoise
jaopca:item_dusttinyturquoise - 0


dustTinyUranium
jaopca:item_dusttinyuranium - 0


dustTinyVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_dusttinyvioletsapphire - 0


dustTinyYellorium
jaopca:item_dusttinyyellorium - 0


dustTinyZircon
jaopca:item_dusttinyzircon - 0


dustTitanium
techreborn:dust - 54


dustTopaz
jaopca:item_dusttopaz - 0


dustTungsten
techreborn:dust - 55


dustTurquoise
jaopca:item_dustturquoise - 0


dustUranium
bigreactors:dustyellorium - 0
immersiveengineering:metal - 14
techreborn:dust - 66


dustUvarovite
techreborn:dust - 56


dustVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_dustvioletsapphire - 0


dustWaterBlock


dustWheat
appliedenergistics2:material - 4
enderio:item_material - 21
roots:flour - 0


dustWhiteGlowstone
tp:colored_dust - 0


dustWood
thermalfoundation:material - 800
skyresources:baseitemcomponent - 5
mekanism:sawdust - 0
dirtcraft:sawdust - 0


dustWubOre


dustYellorite


dustYellorium
bigreactors:dustyellorium - 0


dustYellowGarnet
techreborn:dust - 58


dustZinc
techreborn:dust - 59


dustZircon
jaopca:item_dustzircon - 0


dye
minecraft:dye - any
thermalfoundation:dye - any
extrautils2:ingredients - 14
botania:dye - any
actuallyadditions:item_misc - 17
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - any


dyeBlack
minecraft:dye - 0
thermalfoundation:dye - 0
botania:dye - 15
silentgems:dye - 0
actuallyadditions:item_misc - 17
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 15
enderio:item_material - 50
mysticalworld:ink_bottle - 0


dyeBlue
minecraft:dye - 4
thermalfoundation:dye - 4
extrautils2:ingredients - 14
botania:dye - 11
silentgems:dye - 4
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 11


dyeBrown
minecraft:dye - 3
thermalfoundation:dye - 3
botania:dye - 12
industrialforegoing:fertilizer - 0
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 12
enderio:item_material - 49


dyeCyan
minecraft:dye - 6
thermalfoundation:dye - 6
botania:dye - 9
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 9


dyeEnhancedMachine
enderio:item_material - 67


dyeGray
minecraft:dye - 8
thermalfoundation:dye - 8
botania:dye - 7
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 7


dyeGreen
minecraft:dye - 2
thermalfoundation:dye - 2
botania:dye - 13
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 13
enderio:item_material - 48


dyeLightBlue
minecraft:dye - 12
thermalfoundation:dye - 12
botania:dye - 3
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 3


dyeLightGray
minecraft:dye - 7
thermalfoundation:dye - 7
botania:dye - 8
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 8


dyeLime
minecraft:dye - 10
thermalfoundation:dye - 10
botania:dye - 5
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 5


dyeMachine
enderio:item_material - 51


dyeMagenta
minecraft:dye - 13
thermalfoundation:dye - 13
extrautils2:ingredients - 3
botania:dye - 2
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 2


dyeOrange
minecraft:dye - 14
thermalfoundation:dye - 14
botania:dye - 1
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 1


dyePink
minecraft:dye - 9
thermalfoundation:dye - 9
botania:dye - 6
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 6


dyePurple
minecraft:dye - 5
thermalfoundation:dye - 5
botania:dye - 10
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 10


dyeRed
minecraft:dye - 1
thermalfoundation:dye - 1
botania:dye - 14
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 14


dyeSilver


dyeSoulMachine
enderio:item_material - 52


dyeWhite
minecraft:dye - 15
thermalfoundation:dye - 15
botania:dye - 0
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 0


dyeYellow
minecraft:dye - 11
thermalfoundation:dye - 11
botania:dye - 4
industrialforegoing:artificial_dye - 4


egg
minecraft:egg - 0
enderio:item_owl_egg - 0


eggOwl
enderio:item_owl_egg - 0


eggplant


electronTube
immersiveengineering:material - 26


elvenDragonstone
botania:manaresource - 9


elvenPixieDust
botania:manaresource - 8


enderpearl
minecraft:ender_pearl - 0


endstone
minecraft:end_stone - 0


energyCrystal
techreborn:energycrystal - 0


enlightenedFusedGlass
enderio:block_enlightened_fused_glass - any


enlightenedFusedQuartz
enderio:block_enlightened_fused_quartz - any


essenceOfUndeath
tombstone:crafting_ingredient - 4


eternalLifeEssence
botania:manaresource - 5


eye
roots:glass_eye - 0
minecraft:spider_eye - 0
minecraft:fermented_spider_eye - 0


eyeofredstone
extrautils2:ingredients - 2


fabricHemp
immersiveengineering:material - 5


feather
minecraft:feather - 0
roots:mystic_feather - 0


fenceAluminium
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 4


fenceAluminum
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 4


fenceGateWood
minecraft:fence_gate - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:birch_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence_gate - 0


fenceIron
techreborn:refined_iron_fence - 0


fenceSteel
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 0


fenceTreatedWood
immersiveengineering:wooden_decoration - 0


fenceWood
minecraft:fence - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence - 0
minecraft:birch_fence - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence - 0
mysticalworld:charred_fence - 0


fertilizer
minecraft:dye - 15
industrialforegoing:fertilizer - 0


feyFeather
roots:mystic_feather - 0


feyLeather
roots:fey_leather - 0


fiberHemp
immersiveengineering:material - 4


flint
minecraft:flint - 0


foodAubergine


foodBeetroot


foodBread
minecraft:bread - 0
roots:wildewheet_bread - 0


foodCalamaricooked
mysticalworld:cooked_squid - 0


foodCalamariraw
mysticalworld:raw_squid - 0


foodEggplant
mysticalworld:aubergine - 0


foodFlour
roots:flour - 0


foodGoodMeat
mysticalworld:raw_squid - 0
mysticalworld:venison - 0


foodGoodMeatCooked
mysticalworld:cooked_squid - 0
mysticalworld:cooked_venison - 0


foodGrilledeggplant
mysticalworld:cooked_aubergine - 0


foodNativeGameMeatCooked
mysticalworld:cooked_venison - 0


foodProteinCooked
mysticalworld:cooked_squid - 0
mysticalworld:cooked_venison - 0


foodRedMeat
mysticalworld:venison - 0


foodRedMeatCooked
mysticalworld:cooked_venison - 0


foodSalt
mekanism:salt - 0


foodVenisoncooked
mysticalworld:cooked_venison - 0


foodVenisonraw
mysticalworld:venison - 0


fuelCoke
thermalfoundation:material - 802
immersiveengineering:material - 6


fusedGlass
enderio:block_fused_glass - any


fusedQuartz
enderio:block_fused_quartz - any


gaiaIngot
botania:manaresource - 14


gearAgate
jaopca:item_gearagate - 0


gearAlexandrite
jaopca:item_gearalexandrite - 0


gearAluminium
thermalfoundation:material - 260


gearAluminum
thermalfoundation:material - 260


gearAmber
jaopca:item_gearamber - 0


gearAmethyst
jaopca:item_gearamethyst - 0


gearAmetrine
jaopca:item_gearametrine - 0


gearAmmolite
jaopca:item_gearammolite - 0


gearApatite
jaopca:item_gearapatite - 0


gearAquamarine
jaopca:item_gearaquamarine - 0


gearAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_gearastralstarmetal - 0


gearBeryl
jaopca:item_gearberyl - 0


gearBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_gearblackdiamond - 0


gearBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_gearbluetopaz - 0


gearBronze
thermalfoundation:material - 291


gearCarnelian
jaopca:item_gearcarnelian - 0


gearCatsEye
jaopca:item_gearcatseye - 0


gearCertusQuartz
moreplates:certus_quartz_gear - 0


gearChaos
jaopca:item_gearchaos - 0


gearChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_gearchargedcertusquartz - 0


gearChrysoprase
jaopca:item_gearchrysoprase - 0


gearCitrine
jaopca:item_gearcitrine - 0


gearCoal
moreplates:coal_gear - 0


gearConductiveIron
moreplates:conductive_iron_gear - 0


gearConstantan
thermalfoundation:material - 292


gearConstructionAlloy
moreplates:iron_alloy_gear - 0


gearCopper
thermalfoundation:material - 256


gearCoral
jaopca:item_gearcoral - 0


gearCrudeSteel
moreplates:crude_steel_gear - 0


gearCrystallineAlloy
moreplates:crystalline_alloy_gear - 0


gearCrystallinePinkSlime
moreplates:crystalline_pink_slime_gear - 0


gearDark
enderio:item_material - 73


gearDarkSteel
moreplates:dark_steel_gear - 0


gearDemonicMetal
moreplates:demon_gear - 0


gearDiamatine
moreplates:diamatine_gear - 0


gearDiamatineEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_diamatine_gear - 0


gearDiamond
thermalfoundation:material - 26


gearDraconium
moreplates:draconium_gear - 0


gearDraconiumAwakened
moreplates:awakened_draconium_gear - 0


gearElectricalSteel
moreplates:electrical_steel_gear - 0


gearElectrum
thermalfoundation:material - 289


gearElvenElementium
moreplates:elementium_gear - 0


gearEmeradic
moreplates:emeradic_gear - 0


gearEmeradicEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_emeradic_gear - 0


gearEmerald
thermalfoundation:material - 27


gearEnchantedMetal
moreplates:enchanted_gear - 0


gearEndSteel
moreplates:end_steel_gear - 0


gearEnderEssence
jaopca:item_gearenderessence - 0


gearEnderium
thermalfoundation:material - 295


gearEnergeticAlloy
moreplates:energetic_alloy_gear - 0


gearEnergeticSilver
moreplates:energetic_silver_gear - 0


gearEnergized
enderio:item_material - 12


gearEnori
moreplates:enori_gear - 0


gearEnoriEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_enori_gear - 0


gearEvilMetal
moreplates:evil_infused_iron_gear - 0


gearFluix
moreplates:fluix_gear - 0


gearFluorite
jaopca:item_gearfluorite - 0


gearGaia
moreplates:gaia_spirit_gear - 0


gearGarnet
jaopca:item_geargarnet - 0


gearGlowstone
moreplates:glowstone_gear - 0


gearGold
thermalfoundation:material - 25


gearGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_geargoldenberyl - 0


gearHeliodor
jaopca:item_gearheliodor - 0


gearIndicolite
jaopca:item_gearindicolite - 0


gearInvar
thermalfoundation:material - 290


gearIolite
jaopca:item_geariolite - 0


gearIridium
thermalfoundation:material - 263


gearIron
thermalfoundation:material - 24


gearIronInfinity
enderio:item_material - 11


gearJade
jaopca:item_gearjade - 0


gearJasper
jaopca:item_gearjasper - 0


gearKunzite
jaopca:item_gearkunzite - 0


gearKyanite
jaopca:item_gearkyanite - 0


gearLapis
moreplates:lapis_lazuli_gear - 0


gearLead
thermalfoundation:material - 259


gearLepidolite
jaopca:item_gearlepidolite - 0


gearLumium
thermalfoundation:material - 294


gearMalachite
jaopca:item_gearmalachite - 0


gearManasteel
moreplates:manasteel_gear - 0


gearManyullyn


gearMelodicAlloy
moreplates:melodic_alloy_gear - 0


gearMithril
thermalfoundation:material - 264


gearMoldavite
jaopca:item_gearmoldavite - 0


gearMoonstone
jaopca:item_gearmoonstone - 0


gearMorganite
jaopca:item_gearmorganite - 0


gearNickel
thermalfoundation:material - 261


gearOnyx
jaopca:item_gearonyx - 0


gearOpal
jaopca:item_gearopal - 0


gearOsmium
moreplates:osmium_gear - 0


gearPalis
moreplates:palis_gear - 0


gearPalisEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_palis_gear - 0


gearPearl
jaopca:item_gearpearl - 0


gearPeridot
jaopca:item_gearperidot - 0


gearPlatinum
thermalfoundation:material - 262


gearPulsatingIron
moreplates:pulsating_iron_gear - 0


gearPyrope
jaopca:item_gearpyrope - 0


gearQuartz
moreplates:nether_quartz_gear - 0


gearQuartzBlack
moreplates:black_quartz_gear - 0


gearRedstone
extrautils2:ingredients - 1


gearRedstoneAlloy
moreplates:redstone_alloy_gear - 0


gearRefinedGlowstone
moreplates:refined_glowstone_gear - 0


gearRefinedObsidian
moreplates:refined_obsidian_gear - 0


gearRestonia
moreplates:restonia_gear - 0


gearRestoniaEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_restonia_gear - 0


gearRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_gearrosequartz - 0


gearRuby
jaopca:item_gearruby - 0


gearSapphire
jaopca:item_gearsapphire - 0


gearSignalum
thermalfoundation:material - 293


gearSilicon
moreplates:silicon_gear - 0


gearSilver
thermalfoundation:material - 258


gearSodalite
jaopca:item_gearsodalite - 0


gearSoularium
moreplates:soularium_gear - 0


gearSpinel
jaopca:item_gearspinel - 0


gearSteel
thermalfoundation:material - 288


gearStellarAlloy
moreplates:stellar_alloy_gear - 0


gearStone
thermalfoundation:material - 23
enderio:item_material - 10


gearSunstone
jaopca:item_gearsunstone - 0


gearTanzanite
jaopca:item_geartanzanite - 0


gearTektite
jaopca:item_geartektite - 0


gearTerrasteel
moreplates:terrasteel_gear - 0


gearTin
thermalfoundation:material - 257


gearTopaz
jaopca:item_geartopaz - 0


gearTungsten
jaopca:item_geartungsten - 0


gearTurquoise
jaopca:item_gearturquoise - 0


gearUranium
jaopca:item_gearuranium - 0


gearVibrant
enderio:item_material - 13


gearVibrantAlloy
moreplates:vibrant_alloy_gear - 0


gearVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_gearvioletsapphire - 0


gearVividAlloy
moreplates:vivid_alloy_gear - 0


gearVoid
moreplates:void_gear - 0


gearVoidEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_void_gear - 0


gearWood
thermalfoundation:material - 22
appliedenergistics2:material - 40
enderio:item_material - 9


gearYellorium
jaopca:item_gearyellorium - 0


gearZircon
jaopca:item_gearzircon - 0


gemAgate
silentgems:gem - 12


gemAgateSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 12


gemAlexandrite
silentgems:gem - 31


gemAlexandriteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 31


gemAmber
silentgems:gem - 3
cyclicmagic:crystallized_amber - 0


gemAmberSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 3


gemAmethyst
silentgems:gem - 11
mysticalworld:amethyst_gem - 0


gemAmethystSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 11


gemAmetrine
silentgems:gem - 29


gemAmetrineSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 29


gemAmmolite
silentgems:gem - 43


gemAmmoliteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 43


gemApatite
silentgems:gem - 39


gemApatiteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 39


gemAquamarine
silentgems:gem - 8
astralsorcery:itemcraftingcomponent - 0


gemAquamarineSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 8


gemBeryl
silentgems:gem - 6


gemBerylSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 6


gemBlackDiamond
silentgems:gem - 30


gemBlackDiamondSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 30


gemBlueTopaz
silentgems:gem - 25


gemBlueTopazSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 25


gemBoronNitride


gemCarnelian
silentgems:gem - 16


gemCarnelianSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 16


gemCatsEye
silentgems:gem - 35


gemCatsEyeSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 35


gemCertusQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 0


gemChaos
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 0


gemCharcoal
minecraft:coal - 1


gemChargedCertusQuartz
appliedenergistics2:material - 1


gemChrysoprase
silentgems:gem - 38


gemChrysopraseSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 38


gemCitrine
silentgems:gem - 18


gemCitrineSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 18


gemCoal
minecraft:coal - 0


gemCoral
silentgems:gem - 33


gemCoralSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 33


gemCordierite
silentgems:gem - 10


gemDark


gemDiamond
minecraft:diamond - 0


gemEmerald
minecraft:emerald - 0


gemEnderEssence
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 4


gemFluix
appliedenergistics2:material - 7


gemFluorite
silentgems:gem - 40


gemFluoriteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 40


gemGarnet
silentgems:gem - 1


gemGarnetSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 1


gemGoldenBeryl
silentgems:gem - 20


gemGoldenBerylSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 20


gemGreenSapphire
silentgems:gem - 6


gemHeliodor
silentgems:gem - 4


gemHeliodorSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 4


gemIndicolite
silentgems:gem - 7


gemIndicoliteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 7


gemIolite
silentgems:gem - 10


gemIoliteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 10


gemJade
silentgems:gem - 37


gemJadeSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 37


gemJasper
silentgems:gem - 19


gemJasperSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 19


gemKunzite
silentgems:gem - 44


gemKunziteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 44


gemKyanite
silentgems:gem - 41


gemKyaniteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 41


gemLapis
minecraft:dye - 4


gemLepidolite
silentgems:gem - 28


gemLepidoliteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 28


gemMalachite
silentgems:gem - 22


gemMalachiteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 22


gemMoldavite
silentgems:gem - 21


gemMoldaviteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 21


gemMoon
extrautils2:ingredients - 5


gemMoonstone
silentgems:gem - 24


gemMoonstoneSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 24


gemMorganite
silentgems:gem - 13


gemMorganiteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 13


gemObsidian
cyclicmagic:crystallized_obsidian - 0


gemOlivine
silentgems:gem - 5


gemOnyx
silentgems:gem - 14


gemOnyxSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 14


gemOpal
silentgems:gem - 15


gemOpalSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 15


gemPearl
silentgems:gem - 47
mysticalworld:pearl - 0


gemPearlSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 47


gemPeridot
silentgems:gem - 5
techreborn:gem - 2


gemPeridotSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 5


gemPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_shard - 0


gemPyrope
silentgems:gem - 32


gemPyropeSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 32


gemQuartz
minecraft:quartz - 0


gemQuartzBlack
actuallyadditions:item_misc - 5


gemRedGarnet
techreborn:gem - 3


gemRedstone
extrautils2:ingredients - 0


gemRoseQuartz
silentgems:gem - 45


gemRoseQuartzSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 45


gemRuby
silentgems:gem - 0
techreborn:gem - 0
dirtcraft:ruby - 0


gemRubySuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 0


gemSapphire
silentgems:gem - 9
techreborn:gem - 1


gemSapphireSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 9


gemSodalite
silentgems:gem - 42


gemSodaliteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 42


gemSpinel
silentgems:gem - 17


gemSpinelSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 17


gemSunstone
silentgems:gem - 34


gemSunstoneSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 34


gemTanzanite
silentgems:gem - 26


gemTanzaniteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 26


gemTektite
silentgems:gem - 46


gemTektiteSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 46


gemTopaz
silentgems:gem - 2


gemTopazSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 2


gemTurquoise
silentgems:gem - 23


gemTurquoiseSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 23


gemVioletSapphire
silentgems:gem - 27


gemVioletSapphireSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 27


gemWub
tp:wub_gem - 0


gemYellowGarnet
techreborn:gem - 4


gemZircon
silentgems:gem - 36


gemZirconSuper
silentgems:gemsuper - 36


glass


glassBottle
minecraft:glass_bottle - 0


glassReinforced
techreborn:reinforced_glass - 0


glowstone
minecraft:glowstone - 0


grass
minecraft:grass - 0
theaurorian:auroriangrass - 0
theaurorian:auroriangrasslight - 0


graveMarble
tombstone:dark_marble - 0
tombstone:dark_marble - 1


gravel
minecraft:gravel - 0


gunpowder
minecraft:gunpowder - 0


hardenedClay
minecraft:hardened_clay - any


holyDarkFusedGlass
enderio:block_holy_dark_fused_glass - any


holyDarkFusedQuartz
enderio:block_holy_dark_fused_quartz - any


holyEnlightenedFusedGlass
enderio:block_holy_enlightened_fused_glass - any


holyEnlightenedFusedQuartz
enderio:block_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz - any


holyFusedGlass
enderio:block_holy_fused_glass - any


holyFusedQuartz
enderio:block_holy_fused_quartz - any


hopper
minecraft:hopper - 0


ic2Extractor
techreborn:extractor - 0


ic2Generator
techreborn:solid_fuel_generator - 0


ic2Macerator
techreborn:grinder - 0


ic2Pump
techreborn:pump - 0


ic2SolarPanel
techreborn:solar_panel - 0


ic2Watermill
techreborn:water_mill - 0


ic2Windmill
techreborn:wind_mill - 0


ice
minecraft:ice - 0


industrialTnt
minecraft:tnt - 0


ingotAdvancedAlloy
techreborn:ingot - 20


ingotAluminium
thermalfoundation:material - 132
immersiveengineering:metal - 1
techreborn:ingot - 0


ingotAluminum
thermalfoundation:material - 132
immersiveengineering:metal - 1
techreborn:ingot - 0


ingotAlumite


ingotArdite


ingotAstralStarmetal
astralsorcery:itemcraftingcomponent - 1


ingotAurorianSteel
theaurorian:auroriansteel - 0


ingotBlackIron
extendedcrafting:material - 0


ingotBlutonium
bigreactors:ingotblutonium - 0


ingotBoron


ingotBrass
techreborn:ingot - 1


ingotBrick
minecraft:brick - 0


ingotBrickNether
minecraft:netherbrick - 0


ingotBrickNetherGlazed
enderio:item_material - 72


ingotBronze
thermalfoundation:material - 163
mekanism:ingot - 2
techreborn:ingot - 2


ingotCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleaningot - 0


ingotChrome
techreborn:ingot - 3


ingotChromium
techreborn:ingot - 3


ingotCobalt


ingotConductiveIron
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 4


ingotConstantan
thermalfoundation:material - 164
immersiveengineering:metal - 6


ingotConstructionAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 9


ingotCopper
thermalfoundation:material - 128
immersiveengineering:metal - 0
mekanism:ingot - 5
techreborn:ingot - 4
mysticalworld:copper_ingot - 0


ingotCorrupted


ingotCosmicNeutronium


ingotCrudeSteel
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ingot - 0


ingotCrystalMatrix


ingotCrystallineAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ingot - 1


ingotCrystallinePinkSlime
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ingot - 4


ingotCrystaltine
extendedcrafting:material - 24


ingotCyanite
bigreactors:ingotcyanite - 0


ingotDarkSteel
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 6


ingotDemonicMetal
extrautils2:ingredients - 11


ingotDraconium
draconicevolution:draconium_ingot - 0


ingotDraconiumAwakened
draconicevolution:draconic_ingot - 0


ingotElectricalSteel
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 0


ingotElectrotineAlloy


ingotElectrum
thermalfoundation:material - 161
immersiveengineering:metal - 7
techreborn:ingot - 5


ingotElvenElementium
botania:manaresource - 7


ingotEnchantedMetal
extrautils2:ingredients - 12


ingotEndSteel
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 8


ingotEnderium
thermalfoundation:material - 167


ingotEnderiumBase
enderio:item_material - 39


ingotEnergeticAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 1


ingotEnergeticSilver
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ingot - 5


ingotEnrichedGold


ingotEvilMetal
extrautils2:ingredients - 17


ingotFiery


ingotFlint
tp:flint_ingot - 0


ingotFrozenIron
skyresources:techitemcomponent - 2


ingotGaia
botania:manaresource - 14


ingotGold
minecraft:gold_ingot - 0


ingotGraphite
bigreactors:ingotgraphite - 0


ingotHOPGraphite
immersiveengineering:material - 19


ingotHardCarbon


ingotHotTungstensteel
techreborn:ingot - 16


ingotInferium


ingotInfinity


ingotInsanium


ingotIntermedium


ingotInvar
thermalfoundation:material - 162
techreborn:ingot - 6


ingotIridium
thermalfoundation:material - 135
techreborn:ingot - 7


ingotIridiumAlloy
techreborn:ingot - 22


ingotIron
minecraft:iron_ingot - 0


ingotIronCompressed


ingotIronwood


ingotKnightmetal


ingotKnightslime


ingotLapis
tp:lapis_ingot - 0


ingotLead
thermalfoundation:material - 131
immersiveengineering:metal - 2
techreborn:ingot - 8


ingotLithium


ingotLudicrite
bigreactors:ingotludicrite - 0


ingotLumium
thermalfoundation:material - 166


ingotMagnesium


ingotManasteel
botania:manaresource - 0


ingotManyullyn


ingotMelodicAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ingot - 2


ingotMirion


ingotMithril
thermalfoundation:material - 136


ingotMixedMetal
techreborn:ingot - 21


ingotMoonstone
theaurorian:moonstoneingot - 0


ingotNickel
thermalfoundation:material - 133
immersiveengineering:metal - 4
techreborn:ingot - 9


ingotOsgloglas


ingotOsmiridium


ingotOsmium
mekanism:ingot - 1


ingotPigiron


ingotPlatinum
thermalfoundation:material - 134
techreborn:ingot - 10


ingotPlutonium
bigreactors:ingotblutonium - 0
techreborn:ingot - 25


ingotPrudentium


ingotPulsatingIron
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 5


ingotQuartz
tp:quartz_ingot - 0


ingotRedAlloy


ingotRedstone
tp:redstone_ingot - 0


ingotRedstoneAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 3


ingotRefinedGlowstone
mekanism:ingot - 3


ingotRefinedIron
techreborn:ingot - 19


ingotRefinedObsidian
mekanism:ingot - 0


ingotReinforcedObsidian
tp:reinforced_obsidian_ingot - 0


ingotSignalum
thermalfoundation:material - 165


ingotSilicon


ingotSilver
thermalfoundation:material - 130
immersiveengineering:metal - 3
techreborn:ingot - 11
mysticalworld:silver_ingot - 0


ingotSoularium
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 7


ingotSoulium


ingotSteel
thermalfoundation:material - 160
bigreactors:ingotsteel - 0
immersiveengineering:metal - 8
mekanism:ingot - 4
techreborn:ingot - 12
tp:steel_ingot - 0
dirtcraft:steel - 0


ingotStellarAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ingot - 3


ingotSuperium


ingotSupremium


ingotTerrasteel
botania:manaresource - 4


ingotThorium
techreborn:ingot - 23


ingotTin
thermalfoundation:material - 129
mekanism:ingot - 6
techreborn:ingot - 13


ingotTitanium
techreborn:ingot - 14


ingotTough


ingotTungsten
techreborn:ingot - 15


ingotTungstensteel
techreborn:ingot - 17


ingotUltimate
extendedcrafting:material - 32


ingotUnstable
extrautils2:unstableingots - 0
extrautils2:unstableingots - 2


ingotUranium
bigreactors:ingotyellorium - 0
immersiveengineering:metal - 5
techreborn:ingot - 24


ingotVibrantAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_ingot - 2


ingotVividAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_ingot - 6


ingotWub
tp:wub_ingot - 0


ingotYellorium
bigreactors:ingotyellorium - 0


ingotZinc
techreborn:ingot - 18


ingredientChowderFill
mysticalworld:cooked_squid - 0


ingredientEnchantedGraveKey
minecraft:ender_pearl - 0


ingredientKebabAdventure
mysticalworld:raw_squid - 0
mysticalworld:venison - 0


ingredientKebabMain
mysticalworld:aubergine - 0


ingredientKebabSeafood
mysticalworld:cooked_squid - 0


ingredientVegNugget
mysticalworld:aubergine - 0


insulatedGoldCableItem
techreborn:cable - 6


itemAttractorCrystal
enderio:item_material - 17


itemBinderComposite
enderio:item_material - 22


itemBioFuel
mekanism:biofuel - 0


itemBioblend
thermalfoundation:material - 818


itemBioblendRich
thermalfoundation:material - 819


itemBiomass
thermalfoundation:material - 816


itemBiomassRich
thermalfoundation:material - 817


itemBlazePowder
minecraft:blaze_powder - 0


itemBlazeRod
minecraft:blaze_rod - 0


itemCakeBase
enderio:item_material - 70


itemCharcoal
minecraft:coal - 1


itemChassiParts
enderio:item_material - 2


itemCinnabar
thermalfoundation:material - 866


itemClay
minecraft:clay_ball - 0


itemClayedGlowstone
enderio:item_material - 76


itemCoal
minecraft:coal - 0


itemCompressedCarbon
mekanism:compressedcarbon - 0


itemCompressedDiamond
mekanism:compresseddiamond - 0


itemCompressedObsidian
mekanism:compressedobsidian - 0


itemCompressedRedstone
mekanism:compressedredstone - 0


itemConduitBinder
enderio:item_material - 4


itemConfusingDust
enderio:item_material - 61


itemDeathUrnUnfired
enderio:item_material - 81


itemEndSteelMachineChassi
enderio:item_material - 66


itemEnderCrystal
enderio:item_material - 16


itemEnderCrystalPowder
enderio:item_material - 37


itemEnderFragment
enderio:item_material - 62


itemEnhancedChassiParts
enderio:item_material - 68


itemEnhancedMachineChassi
enderio:item_material - 54


itemEnrichedAlloy
mekanism:enrichedalloy - 0


itemFlint
minecraft:flint - 0


itemGhastTear
minecraft:ghast_tear - 0


itemGliderWing
enderio:item_material - 6


itemGliderWings
enderio:item_material - 7


itemGrindingBallEnderium
enderio:item_material - 58


itemGrindingBallLumium
enderio:item_material - 59


itemGrindingBallSignalum
enderio:item_material - 57


itemIlluminatedPanel
appliedenergistics2:part - 160
appliedenergistics2:part - 180
appliedenergistics2:part - 200


itemInfinityGoop
enderio:item_material - 75


itemInfinityRod
enderio:item_material - 71


itemLeather
minecraft:leather - 0


itemMachineChassi
enderio:item_material - 1


itemNutritiousStick
enderio:item_material - 8


itemPlantbrown
enderio:item_material - 47


itemPlantgreen
enderio:item_material - 46


itemPlatePhotovoltaic
enderio:item_material - 3


itemPowderPhotovoltaic
enderio:item_material - 38


itemPrecientCrystal
enderio:item_material - 19


itemPrecientPowder
enderio:item_material - 34


itemPulsatingCrystal
enderio:item_material - 14


itemPulsatingPowder
enderio:item_material - 36


itemQuartzKnife
appliedenergistics2:certus_quartz_cutting_knife - 0
appliedenergistics2:nether_quartz_cutting_knife - 0


itemQuartzWrench
appliedenergistics2:certus_quartz_wrench - 0
appliedenergistics2:nether_quartz_wrench - 0


itemRedstoneFilterBase
enderio:item_material - 60


itemRemoteAwarenessUpgrade
enderio:item_material - 64


itemRubber
techreborn:part - 32
industrialforegoing:plastic - 0


itemSalt
mekanism:salt - 0


itemSawdust
thermalfoundation:material - 800


itemScrap
techreborn:part - 33


itemScrapBox
techreborn:scrapbox - 0


itemSilicon
appliedenergistics2:material - 5
enderio:item_material - 5


itemSimpleChassiParts
enderio:item_material - 69


itemSimpleMachineChassi
enderio:item_material - 0


itemSkull
minecraft:skull - any
enderio:block_enderman_skull - 0


itemSlag
thermalfoundation:material - 864
immersiveengineering:material - 7


itemSlagRich
thermalfoundation:material - 865


itemSoulMachineChassi
enderio:item_material - 53


itemTokenAnimal
enderio:item_material - 78


itemTokenMonster
enderio:item_material - 79


itemTokenPlayer
enderio:item_material - 80


itemUnsouledMachineChassi
enderio:item_material - 55


itemVibrantCrystal
enderio:item_material - 15


itemVibrantPowder
enderio:item_material - 35


itemWeatherCrystal
enderio:item_material - 18


itemWirelessDish
enderio:item_material - 65


itemWitheringDust
enderio:item_material - 63


juicer
tp:juicer - 0


lapotronCrystal
techreborn:lapotroncrystal - 0


lava_iron
additions:aurora-lava_iron - 0


leather
minecraft:leather - 0
roots:fey_leather - 0


leavesRubber
techreborn:rubber_leaves - any


lexicaBotania
botania:lexicon - 0


listAllfishcooked
mysticalworld:cooked_squid - 0


listAllfishfresh
mysticalworld:raw_squid - 0


listAllfishraw
mysticalworld:raw_squid - 0


listAllfruit


listAllgrain


listAllmeatcooked
mysticalworld:cooked_venison - 0


listAllmeatraw
mysticalworld:venison - 0


listAllseed
mysticalworld:aubergine_seed - 0


listAllveggie
randomthings:beans - 0
mysticalworld:aubergine - 0


listAllvenisoncooked
mysticalworld:cooked_venison - 0


listAllvenisonraw
mysticalworld:venison - 0


livingRoot
botania:manaresource - 20


livingrock
botania:livingrock - 0


livingwood
botania:livingwood - 0


livingwoodTwig
botania:manaresource - 3


logRubber
techreborn:rubber_log - any
techreborn:rubber_log - 0


logSilentwood
theaurorian:silentwoodlog - 0


logWood
minecraft:log - any
minecraft:log2 - any
techreborn:rubber_log - any
extrautils2:ironwood_log - any
randomthings:spectrelog - 0
skyresources:petrifiedwood - 0
integrateddynamics:menril_log - 0
integrateddynamics:menril_log_filled - 0
techreborn:rubber_log - 0
roots:wildwood_log - 0
mysticalworld:charred_log - 0
naturesaura:ancient_log - 0
naturesaura:ancient_bark - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowlog - 0


machineBasic
techreborn:machine_frame - 0


machineBlockAdvanced
techreborn:machine_frame - 1


machineBlockBasic
techreborn:machine_frame - 0


machineBlockElite
techreborn:machine_frame - 2


machineBlockHighlyAdvanced
techreborn:machine_frame - 2


mage


magicScroll
tombstone:scroll_buff - 0
tombstone:scroll_buff - 1
tombstone:scroll_buff - 2
tombstone:scroll_buff - 3
tombstone:scroll_buff - 4
tombstone:scroll_buff - 5
tombstone:scroll_buff - 6
tombstone:scroll_buff - 7
tombstone:scroll_buff - 8
tombstone:scroll_of_knowledge - 0


magicTablet
tombstone:tablet_of_recall - 0
tombstone:tablet_of_assistance - 0
tombstone:tablet_of_home - 0
tombstone:tablet_of_cupidity - 0


magic_snow_globe
extrautils2:snowglobe - 1


manaDiamond
botania:manaresource - 2


manaPearl
botania:manaresource - 1


manaString
botania:manaresource - 16


materialResin
techreborn:part - 31


materialRubber
techreborn:part - 32


materialScrap
techreborn:part - 33


materialScrapBox
techreborn:scrapbox - 0


mossyCobblestone
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone - 0


mushroom
minecraft:red_mushroom - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom - 0


mycelium
minecraft:mycelium - 0


mysticFlowerBlack
botania:flower - 15


mysticFlowerBlackDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 7


mysticFlowerBlue
botania:flower - 11


mysticFlowerBlueDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 3


mysticFlowerBrown
botania:flower - 12


mysticFlowerBrownDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 4


mysticFlowerCyan
botania:flower - 9


mysticFlowerCyanDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 1


mysticFlowerGray
botania:flower - 7


mysticFlowerGrayDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 7


mysticFlowerGreen
botania:flower - 13


mysticFlowerGreenDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 5


mysticFlowerLightBlue
botania:flower - 3


mysticFlowerLightBlueDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 3


mysticFlowerLightGray
botania:flower - 8


mysticFlowerLightGrayDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 0


mysticFlowerLime
botania:flower - 5


mysticFlowerLimeDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 5


mysticFlowerMagenta
botania:flower - 2


mysticFlowerMagentaDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 2


mysticFlowerOrange
botania:flower - 1


mysticFlowerOrangeDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 1


mysticFlowerPink
botania:flower - 6


mysticFlowerPinkDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 6


mysticFlowerPurple
botania:flower - 10


mysticFlowerPurpleDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 2


mysticFlowerRed
botania:flower - 14


mysticFlowerRedDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 6


mysticFlowerWhite
botania:flower - 0


mysticFlowerWhiteDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 0


mysticFlowerYellow
botania:flower - 4


mysticFlowerYellowDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 4


netherStar
minecraft:nether_star - 0


netherrack
minecraft:netherrack - 0


notHolyDarkFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_holy_dark_fused_glass - any


notHolyDarkFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_holy_dark_fused_quartz - any


notHolyEnlightenedFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_glass - any


notHolyEnlightenedFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz - any


notHolyFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_holy_fused_glass - any


notHolyFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_holy_fused_quartz - any


notPastureDarkFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_pasture_dark_fused_glass - any


notPastureDarkFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_pasture_dark_fused_quartz - any


notPastureEnlightenedFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass - any


notPastureEnlightenedFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz - any


notPastureFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_pasture_fused_glass - any


notPastureFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_pasture_fused_quartz - any


notUnholyDarkFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_unholy_dark_fused_glass - any


notUnholyDarkFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_unholy_dark_fused_quartz - any


notUnholyEnlightenedFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass - any


notUnholyEnlightenedFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz - any


notUnholyFusedGlass
enderio:block_not_unholy_fused_glass - any


notUnholyFusedQuartz
enderio:block_not_unholy_fused_quartz - any


nuggetAgate
silentgems:gemshard - 12


nuggetAlexandrite
silentgems:gemshard - 31


nuggetAluminium
thermalfoundation:material - 196
immersiveengineering:metal - 21
techreborn:nuggets - 0


nuggetAluminum
thermalfoundation:material - 196
immersiveengineering:metal - 21
techreborn:nuggets - 0


nuggetAmber
silentgems:gemshard - 3


nuggetAmethyst
silentgems:gemshard - 11


nuggetAmetrine
silentgems:gemshard - 29


nuggetAmmolite
silentgems:gemshard - 43


nuggetApatite
silentgems:gemshard - 39


nuggetAquamarine
silentgems:gemshard - 8


nuggetAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_nuggetastralstarmetal - 0


nuggetAurorianSteel
theaurorian:auroriansteelnugget - 0


nuggetBeryl
silentgems:gemshard - 6


nuggetBlackDiamond
silentgems:gemshard - 30


nuggetBlackIron
extendedcrafting:material - 1


nuggetBlueTopaz
silentgems:gemshard - 25


nuggetBrass
techreborn:nuggets - 1


nuggetBronze
thermalfoundation:material - 227
mekanism:nugget - 2
techreborn:nuggets - 2


nuggetCarnelian
silentgems:gemshard - 16


nuggetCatsEye
silentgems:gemshard - 35


nuggetCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_nuggetcertusquartz - 0


nuggetCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleannugget - 0


nuggetChaos
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 3


nuggetChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_nuggetchargedcertusquartz - 0


nuggetChrome
techreborn:nuggets - 3


nuggetChromium
techreborn:nuggets - 3


nuggetChrysoprase
silentgems:gemshard - 38


nuggetCitrine
silentgems:gemshard - 18


nuggetCoal
jaopca:item_nuggetcoal - 0


nuggetConductiveIron
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 4


nuggetConstantan
thermalfoundation:material - 228
immersiveengineering:metal - 26


nuggetConstructionAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 9


nuggetCopper
thermalfoundation:material - 192
immersiveengineering:metal - 20
mekanism:nugget - 5
techreborn:nuggets - 4
mysticalworld:copper_nugget - 0


nuggetCoral
silentgems:gemshard - 33


nuggetCrudeSteel
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_nugget - 0


nuggetCrystallineAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_nugget - 1


nuggetCrystallinePinkSlime
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_nugget - 4


nuggetCrystaltine
extendedcrafting:material - 25


nuggetDarkSteel
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 6


nuggetDiamond
thermalfoundation:material - 16
translocators:diamond_nugget - 0
extendedcrafting:material - 128
techreborn:nuggets - 24


nuggetDraconium
draconicevolution:nugget - 0


nuggetDraconiumAwakened
draconicevolution:nugget - 1


nuggetElectricalSteel
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 0


nuggetElectrum
thermalfoundation:material - 225
immersiveengineering:metal - 27
techreborn:nuggets - 5


nuggetElvenElementium
botania:manaresource - 19


nuggetEmerald
thermalfoundation:material - 17
extendedcrafting:material - 129


nuggetEndSteel
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 8


nuggetEnderEssence
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 5


nuggetEnderium
thermalfoundation:material - 231


nuggetEnderpearl
enderio:item_material - 28


nuggetEnergeticAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 1


nuggetEnergeticSilver
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_nugget - 5


nuggetFluorite
silentgems:gemshard - 40


nuggetGarnet
silentgems:gemshard - 1


nuggetGold
minecraft:gold_nugget - 0


nuggetGoldenBeryl
silentgems:gemshard - 20


nuggetHeliodor
silentgems:gemshard - 4


nuggetHotTungstensteel
techreborn:nuggets - 16


nuggetIndicolite
silentgems:gemshard - 7


nuggetInvar
thermalfoundation:material - 226
techreborn:nuggets - 6


nuggetIolite
silentgems:gemshard - 10


nuggetIridium
thermalfoundation:material - 199
techreborn:nuggets - 7


nuggetIron
minecraft:iron_nugget - 0
immersiveengineering:metal - 29
techreborn:nuggets - 23


nuggetJade
silentgems:gemshard - 37


nuggetJasper
silentgems:gemshard - 19


nuggetKunzite
silentgems:gemshard - 44


nuggetKyanite
silentgems:gemshard - 41


nuggetLapis
jaopca:item_nuggetlapis - 0


nuggetLead
thermalfoundation:material - 195
immersiveengineering:metal - 22
techreborn:nuggets - 8


nuggetLepidolite
silentgems:gemshard - 28


nuggetLumium
thermalfoundation:material - 230


nuggetMalachite
silentgems:gemshard - 22


nuggetManasteel
botania:manaresource - 17


nuggetMelodicAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_nugget - 2


nuggetMithril
thermalfoundation:material - 200


nuggetMoldavite
silentgems:gemshard - 21


nuggetMoonstone
silentgems:gemshard - 24
theaurorian:moonstonenugget - 0


nuggetMorganite
silentgems:gemshard - 13


nuggetNetherStar
extendedcrafting:material - 140


nuggetNickel
thermalfoundation:material - 197
immersiveengineering:metal - 24
techreborn:nuggets - 9


nuggetOnyx
silentgems:gemshard - 14


nuggetOpal
silentgems:gemshard - 15


nuggetOsmium
mekanism:nugget - 1


nuggetPearl
silentgems:gemshard - 47


nuggetPeridot
silentgems:gemshard - 5


nuggetPlatinum
thermalfoundation:material - 198
techreborn:nuggets - 10


nuggetPulsatingIron
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 5


nuggetPyrope
silentgems:gemshard - 32


nuggetQuartz
jaopca:item_nuggetquartz - 0


nuggetQuartzBlack
jaopca:item_nuggetquartzblack - 0


nuggetRedstoneAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 3


nuggetRefinedGlowstone
mekanism:nugget - 3


nuggetRefinedIron
techreborn:nuggets - 19


nuggetRefinedObsidian
mekanism:nugget - 0


nuggetRoseQuartz
silentgems:gemshard - 45


nuggetRuby
silentgems:gemshard - 0


nuggetSapphire
silentgems:gemshard - 9


nuggetSignalum
thermalfoundation:material - 229


nuggetSilver
thermalfoundation:material - 194
immersiveengineering:metal - 23
techreborn:nuggets - 11
mysticalworld:silver_nugget - 0


nuggetSodalite
silentgems:gemshard - 42


nuggetSoularium
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 7


nuggetSpinel
silentgems:gemshard - 17


nuggetSteel
thermalfoundation:material - 224
immersiveengineering:metal - 28
mekanism:nugget - 4
techreborn:nuggets - 12


nuggetStellarAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_nugget - 3


nuggetSunstone
silentgems:gemshard - 34


nuggetTanzanite
silentgems:gemshard - 26


nuggetTektite
silentgems:gemshard - 46


nuggetTerrasteel
botania:manaresource - 18


nuggetTin
thermalfoundation:material - 193
mekanism:nugget - 6
techreborn:nuggets - 13


nuggetTitanium
techreborn:nuggets - 14


nuggetTopaz
silentgems:gemshard - 2


nuggetTungsten
techreborn:nuggets - 15


nuggetTungstensteel
techreborn:nuggets - 17


nuggetTurquoise
silentgems:gemshard - 23


nuggetUltimate
extendedcrafting:material - 33


nuggetUnstable
extrautils2:unstableingots - 1


nuggetUranium
immersiveengineering:metal - 25


nuggetVibrantAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_nugget - 2


nuggetVioletSapphire
silentgems:gemshard - 27


nuggetVividAlloy
enderio:item_alloy_endergy_nugget - 6


nuggetYellorium
jaopca:item_nuggetyellorium - 0


nuggetZinc
techreborn:nuggets - 18


nuggetZircon
silentgems:gemshard - 36


obsidian
minecraft:obsidian - 0


oreAgate
silentgems:gemore - 12


oreAlexandrite
silentgems:gemoredark - 15


oreAluminium
thermalfoundation:ore - 4
immersiveengineering:ore - 1


oreAluminum
thermalfoundation:ore - 4
immersiveengineering:ore - 1


oreAmber
silentgems:gemore - 3


oreAmethyst
silentgems:gemore - 11
mysticalworld:amethyst_ore - 0


oreAmetrine
silentgems:gemoredark - 13


oreAmmolite
silentgems:gemorelight - 11


oreAnglesite
bigreactors:oreanglesite - 0


oreApatite
silentgems:gemorelight - 7


oreAquamarine
silentgems:gemore - 8
astralsorcery:blockcustomsandore - 0


oreArdite


oreAstralStarmetal
astralsorcery:blockcustomore - 1


oreAurorianCoal
theaurorian:auroriancoalore - 0


oreAurorianGeode
theaurorian:geodeore - 0


oreBauxite
techreborn:ore - 4


oreBenitoite
bigreactors:orebenitoite - 0


oreBeryl
silentgems:gemore - 6


oreBlackDiamond
silentgems:gemoredark - 14


oreBlueTopaz
silentgems:gemoredark - 9


oreBoron


oreCarnelian
silentgems:gemoredark - 0


oreCatsEye
silentgems:gemorelight - 3


oreCertusQuartz
appliedenergistics2:quartz_ore - 0
appliedenergistics2:charged_quartz_ore - 0


oreCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleanore - 0


oreChaos
silentgems:essenceore - 0


oreChargedCertusQuartz
appliedenergistics2:charged_quartz_ore - 0


oreChrome


oreChrysoprase
silentgems:gemorelight - 6


oreCinnabar
techreborn:ore - 6


oreCitrine
silentgems:gemoredark - 2


oreClathrateEnder
thermalfoundation:ore_fluid - 4


oreClathrateGlowstone
thermalfoundation:ore_fluid - 3


oreClathrateOilSand
thermalfoundation:ore_fluid - 0
thermalfoundation:ore_fluid - 5


oreClathrateOilShale
thermalfoundation:ore_fluid - 1


oreClathrateRedstone
thermalfoundation:ore_fluid - 2


oreCoal
minecraft:coal_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:nether_coal_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:end_coal_ore - 0


oreCobalt


oreCopper
thermalfoundation:ore - 0
techreborn:ore2 - 0
immersiveengineering:ore - 0
mekanism:oreblock - 1
mysticalworld:copper_ore - 0


oreCoral
silentgems:gemorelight - 1


oreDiamond
minecraft:diamond_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:nether_diamond_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:end_diamond_ore - 0


oreDraconium
draconicevolution:draconium_ore - 0
draconicevolution:draconium_ore - 1
draconicevolution:draconium_ore - 2


oreEmerald
minecraft:emerald_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:nether_emerald_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:end_emerald_ore - 0


oreEndCoal
cyclicmagic:end_coal_ore - 0


oreEndDiamond
cyclicmagic:end_diamond_ore - 0


oreEndEmerald
cyclicmagic:end_emerald_ore - 0


oreEndGold
cyclicmagic:end_gold_ore - 0


oreEndIron
cyclicmagic:end_iron_ore - 0


oreEndLapis
cyclicmagic:end_lapis_ore - 0


oreEndRedstone
cyclicmagic:end_redstone_ore - 0


oreEnderEssence
silentgems:essenceore - 1


oreEnderOre
tp:ender_ore - 0


oreEssence


oreFluorite
silentgems:gemorelight - 8


oreGalena
techreborn:ore - 0


oreGarnet
silentgems:gemore - 1


oreGold
minecraft:gold_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:nether_gold_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:end_gold_ore - 0


oreGoldenBeryl
silentgems:gemoredark - 4


oreHeliodor
silentgems:gemore - 4


oreIndicolite
silentgems:gemore - 7


oreIolite
silentgems:gemore - 10


oreIridium
thermalfoundation:ore - 7
techreborn:ore - 1


oreIron
minecraft:iron_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:nether_iron_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:end_iron_ore - 0


oreJade
silentgems:gemorelight - 5


oreJasper
silentgems:gemoredark - 3


oreKunzite
silentgems:gemorelight - 12


oreKyanite
silentgems:gemorelight - 9


oreLapis
minecraft:lapis_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:nether_lapis_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:end_lapis_ore - 0


oreLavaBlock
tp:lava_block - 0
tp:nether_lava_block - 0


oreLead
thermalfoundation:ore - 3
techreborn:ore - 12
immersiveengineering:ore - 2


oreLepidolite
silentgems:gemoredark - 12


oreLithium


oreMagnesium


oreMalachite
silentgems:gemoredark - 6


oreMithril
thermalfoundation:ore - 8


oreMoldavite
silentgems:gemoredark - 5


oreMoonstone
silentgems:gemoredark - 8
theaurorian:moonstoneore - 0


oreMorganite
silentgems:gemore - 13


oreNetherCoal
cyclicmagic:nether_coal_ore - 0


oreNetherDiamond
cyclicmagic:nether_diamond_ore - 0


oreNetherEmerald
cyclicmagic:nether_emerald_ore - 0


oreNetherGold
cyclicmagic:nether_gold_ore - 0


oreNetherIron
cyclicmagic:nether_iron_ore - 0


oreNetherLapis
cyclicmagic:nether_lapis_ore - 0


oreNetherRedstone
cyclicmagic:nether_redstone_ore - 0


oreNetherWubOre
tp:nether_wub_ore - 0


oreNickel
thermalfoundation:ore - 5
immersiveengineering:ore - 4


oreOlivine


oreOnyx
silentgems:gemore - 14


oreOpal
silentgems:gemore - 15


oreOsmium
mekanism:oreblock - 0


orePearl
silentgems:gemorelight - 15


orePeridot
techreborn:ore - 10
silentgems:gemore - 5


orePlatinum
thermalfoundation:ore - 6


orePyrite
techreborn:ore - 5


orePyrope
silentgems:gemorelight - 0


oreQuartz
minecraft:quartz_ore - 0
mysticalworld:granite_quartz_ore - 0
mysticalworld:quartz_ore - 0


oreQuartzBlack
actuallyadditions:block_misc - 3


oreRedstone
minecraft:redstone_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:nether_redstone_ore - 0
cyclicmagic:end_redstone_ore - 0


oreRoseQuartz
silentgems:gemorelight - 13


oreRuby
techreborn:ore - 2
silentgems:gemore - 0


oreSapphire
techreborn:ore - 3
silentgems:gemore - 9


oreSheldonite
techreborn:ore - 9


oreSilver
thermalfoundation:ore - 2
techreborn:ore - 13
immersiveengineering:ore - 3
mysticalworld:silver_ore - 0


oreSodalite
techreborn:ore - 11
silentgems:gemorelight - 10


oreSphalerite
techreborn:ore - 7


oreSpinel
silentgems:gemoredark - 1


oreSteel


oreSunstone
silentgems:gemorelight - 2


oreTanzanite
silentgems:gemoredark - 10


oreTektite
silentgems:gemorelight - 14


oreThorium


oreTin
thermalfoundation:ore - 1
techreborn:ore2 - 1
mekanism:oreblock - 2


oreTitanium


oreTopaz
silentgems:gemore - 2


oreTungsten
techreborn:ore - 8


oreTurquoise
silentgems:gemoredark - 7


oreUranium
immersiveengineering:ore - 5


oreVioletSapphire
silentgems:gemoredark - 11


oreWaterBlock
tp:water_block - 0


oreWubOre
tp:wub_ore - 0


oreYellorite
bigreactors:oreyellorite - 0


oreYellorium
bigreactors:oreyellorite - 0


oreZinc


oreZircon
silentgems:gemorelight - 4


paneGlass
minecraft:glass_pane - 0
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - any
theaurorian:moonglasspane - 0
theaurorian:aurorianglasspane - 0


paneGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 15


paneGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 11


paneGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 12


paneGlassColorless
minecraft:glass_pane - 0


paneGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 9


paneGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 7


paneGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 13


paneGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 3


paneGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 8


paneGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 5


paneGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 2


paneGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 1


paneGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 6


paneGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 10


paneGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 14


paneGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 0


paneGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 4


paper
minecraft:paper - 0
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 11


paperBlack
enderio:item_material - 77


pastureDarkFusedGlass
enderio:block_pasture_dark_fused_glass - any


pastureDarkFusedQuartz
enderio:block_pasture_dark_fused_quartz - any


pastureEnlightenedFusedGlass
enderio:block_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass - any


pastureEnlightenedFusedQuartz
enderio:block_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz - any


pastureFusedGlass
enderio:block_pasture_fused_glass - any


pastureFusedQuartz
enderio:block_pasture_fused_quartz - any


pearlEnderEye
minecraft:ender_eye - 0


pearlFluix
appliedenergistics2:material - 9


pebble
botania:manaresource - 21


pestleAndMortar
botania:pestleandmortar - 0


pestleStone
minecraft:stone - any


petalBlack
botania:mushroom - 15
botania:petal - 15


petalBlue
botania:mushroom - 11
botania:petal - 11


petalBrown
botania:mushroom - 12
botania:petal - 12


petalCyan
botania:mushroom - 9
botania:petal - 9


petalGray
botania:mushroom - 7
botania:petal - 7


petalGreen
botania:mushroom - 13
botania:petal - 13


petalLightBlue
botania:mushroom - 3
botania:petal - 3


petalLightGray
botania:mushroom - 8
botania:petal - 8


petalLime
botania:mushroom - 5
botania:petal - 5


petalMagenta
botania:mushroom - 2
botania:petal - 2


petalOrange
botania:mushroom - 1
botania:petal - 1


petalPink
botania:mushroom - 6
botania:petal - 6


petalPurple
botania:mushroom - 10
botania:petal - 10


petalRed
botania:mushroom - 14
botania:petal - 14


petalWhite
botania:mushroom - 0
botania:petal - 0


petalYellow
botania:mushroom - 4
botania:petal - 4


plankRubber
techreborn:rubber_planks - any


plankSilentwood
theaurorian:silentwoodplanks - 0


plankTreatedWood
immersiveengineering:treated_wood - any


plankWood
minecraft:planks - any
techreborn:rubber_planks - any
extrautils2:ironwood_planks - any
randomthings:spectreplank - 0
skyresources:petrifiedplanks - 0
integrateddynamics:menril_planks - 0
roots:wildwood_planks - 0
mysticalworld:charred_planks - 0
naturesaura:ancient_planks - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowplanks - 0


plateAdvancedAlloy
techreborn:plates - 36


plateAgate
jaopca:item_plateagate - 0


plateAlexandrite
jaopca:item_platealexandrite - 0


plateAluminium
thermalfoundation:material - 324
immersiveengineering:metal - 31
techreborn:plates - 17


plateAluminum
thermalfoundation:material - 324
immersiveengineering:metal - 31
techreborn:plates - 17


plateAmber
jaopca:item_plateamber - 0


plateAmethyst
jaopca:item_plateamethyst - 0


plateAmetrine
jaopca:item_plateametrine - 0


plateAmmolite
jaopca:item_plateammolite - 0


plateApatite
jaopca:item_plateapatite - 0


plateAquamarine
jaopca:item_plateaquamarine - 0


plateAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_plateastralstarmetal - 0


plateBeryl
jaopca:item_plateberyl - 0


plateBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_plateblackdiamond - 0


plateBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_platebluetopaz - 0


plateBrass
techreborn:plates - 18


plateBronze
thermalfoundation:material - 355
techreborn:plates - 19


plateCarbon
techreborn:plates - 2


plateCarnelian
jaopca:item_platecarnelian - 0


plateCatsEye
jaopca:item_platecatseye - 0


plateCertusQuartz
moreplates:certus_quartz_plate - 0


plateChaos
jaopca:item_platechaos - 0


plateChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_platechargedcertusquartz - 0


plateChrome
techreborn:plates - 20


plateChromium
techreborn:plates - 20


plateChrysoprase
jaopca:item_platechrysoprase - 0


plateCitrine
jaopca:item_platecitrine - 0


plateCoal
moreplates:coal_plate - 0
techreborn:plates - 8


plateConductiveIron
moreplates:conductive_iron_plate - 0


plateConstantan
thermalfoundation:material - 356
immersiveengineering:metal - 36


plateConstructionAlloy
moreplates:iron_alloy_plate - 0


plateCopper
thermalfoundation:material - 320
immersiveengineering:metal - 30
techreborn:plates - 21


plateCoral
jaopca:item_platecoral - 0


plateCrudeSteel
moreplates:crude_steel_plate - 0


plateCrystallineAlloy
moreplates:crystalline_alloy_plate - 0


plateCrystallinePinkSlime
moreplates:crystalline_pink_slime_plate - 0


plateDarkSteel
moreplates:dark_steel_plate - 0


plateDemonicMetal
moreplates:demon_plate - 0


plateDenseAgate
jaopca:item_platedenseagate - 0


plateDenseAlexandrite
jaopca:item_platedensealexandrite - 0


plateDenseAluminium
jaopca:item_platedensealuminium - 0


plateDenseAluminum
jaopca:item_platedensealuminium - 0


plateDenseAmber
jaopca:item_platedenseamber - 0


plateDenseAmethyst
jaopca:item_platedenseamethyst - 0


plateDenseAmetrine
jaopca:item_platedenseametrine - 0


plateDenseAmmolite
jaopca:item_platedenseammolite - 0


plateDenseApatite
jaopca:item_platedenseapatite - 0


plateDenseAquamarine
jaopca:item_platedenseaquamarine - 0


plateDenseAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_platedenseastralstarmetal - 0


plateDenseBeryl
jaopca:item_platedenseberyl - 0


plateDenseBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_platedenseblackdiamond - 0


plateDenseBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_platedensebluetopaz - 0


plateDenseCarnelian
jaopca:item_platedensecarnelian - 0


plateDenseCatsEye
jaopca:item_platedensecatseye - 0


plateDenseCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_platedensecertusquartz - 0


plateDenseChaos
jaopca:item_platedensechaos - 0


plateDenseChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_platedensechargedcertusquartz - 0


plateDenseChrysoprase
jaopca:item_platedensechrysoprase - 0


plateDenseCitrine
jaopca:item_platedensecitrine - 0


plateDenseCoal
jaopca:item_platedensecoal - 0


plateDenseCopper
jaopca:item_platedensecopper - 0


plateDenseCoral
jaopca:item_platedensecoral - 0


plateDenseDiamond
jaopca:item_platedensediamond - 0


plateDenseDraconium
jaopca:item_platedensedraconium - 0


plateDenseEmerald
jaopca:item_platedenseemerald - 0


plateDenseEnderEssence
jaopca:item_platedenseenderessence - 0


plateDenseFluorite
jaopca:item_platedensefluorite - 0


plateDenseGarnet
jaopca:item_platedensegarnet - 0


plateDenseGold
jaopca:item_platedensegold - 0


plateDenseGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_platedensegoldenberyl - 0


plateDenseHeliodor
jaopca:item_platedenseheliodor - 0


plateDenseIndicolite
jaopca:item_platedenseindicolite - 0


plateDenseIolite
jaopca:item_platedenseiolite - 0


plateDenseIridium
jaopca:item_platedenseiridium - 0


plateDenseIron
jaopca:item_platedenseiron - 0


plateDenseJade
jaopca:item_platedensejade - 0


plateDenseJasper
jaopca:item_platedensejasper - 0


plateDenseKunzite
jaopca:item_platedensekunzite - 0


plateDenseKyanite
jaopca:item_platedensekyanite - 0


plateDenseLapis
jaopca:item_platedenselapis - 0


plateDenseLead
jaopca:item_platedenselead - 0


plateDenseLepidolite
jaopca:item_platedenselepidolite - 0


plateDenseMalachite
jaopca:item_platedensemalachite - 0


plateDenseMithril
jaopca:item_platedensemithril - 0


plateDenseMoldavite
jaopca:item_platedensemoldavite - 0


plateDenseMoonstone
jaopca:item_platedensemoonstone - 0


plateDenseMorganite
jaopca:item_platedensemorganite - 0


plateDenseNickel
jaopca:item_platedensenickel - 0


plateDenseOnyx
jaopca:item_platedenseonyx - 0


plateDenseOpal
jaopca:item_platedenseopal - 0


plateDenseOsmium
jaopca:item_platedenseosmium - 0


plateDensePearl
jaopca:item_platedensepearl - 0


plateDensePeridot
jaopca:item_platedenseperidot - 0


plateDensePlatinum
jaopca:item_platedenseplatinum - 0


plateDensePyrope
jaopca:item_platedensepyrope - 0


plateDenseQuartz
jaopca:item_platedensequartz - 0


plateDenseQuartzBlack
jaopca:item_platedensequartzblack - 0


plateDenseRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_platedenserosequartz - 0


plateDenseRuby
jaopca:item_platedenseruby - 0


plateDenseSapphire
jaopca:item_platedensesapphire - 0


plateDenseSilver
jaopca:item_platedensesilver - 0


plateDenseSodalite
jaopca:item_platedensesodalite - 0


plateDenseSpinel
jaopca:item_platedensespinel - 0


plateDenseSunstone
jaopca:item_platedensesunstone - 0


plateDenseTanzanite
jaopca:item_platedensetanzanite - 0


plateDenseTektite
jaopca:item_platedensetektite - 0


plateDenseTin
jaopca:item_platedensetin - 0


plateDenseTopaz
jaopca:item_platedensetopaz - 0


plateDenseTungsten
jaopca:item_platedensetungsten - 0


plateDenseTurquoise
jaopca:item_platedenseturquoise - 0


plateDenseUranium
jaopca:item_platedenseuranium - 0


plateDenseVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_platedensevioletsapphire - 0


plateDenseYellorium
jaopca:item_platedenseyellorium - 0


plateDenseZircon
jaopca:item_platedensezircon - 0


plateDiamatine
moreplates:diamatine_plate - 0


plateDiamatineEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_diamatine_plate - 0


plateDiamond
moreplates:diamond_plate - 0
techreborn:plates - 5


plateDraconium
moreplates:draconium_plate - 0


plateDraconiumAwakened
moreplates:awakened_draconium_plate - 0


plateElectricalSteel
moreplates:electrical_steel_plate - 0


plateElectrum
thermalfoundation:material - 353
immersiveengineering:metal - 37
techreborn:plates - 22


plateElvenElementium
moreplates:elementium_plate - 0


plateEmeradic
moreplates:emeradic_plate - 0


plateEmeradicEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_emeradic_plate - 0


plateEmerald
moreplates:emerald_plate - 0
techreborn:plates - 6


plateEnchantedMetal
moreplates:enchanted_plate - 0


plateEndSteel
moreplates:end_steel_plate - 0


plateEnderEssence
jaopca:item_plateenderessence - 0


plateEnderium
thermalfoundation:material - 359


plateEnergeticAlloy
moreplates:energetic_alloy_plate - 0


plateEnergeticSilver
moreplates:energetic_silver_plate - 0


plateEnori
moreplates:enori_plate - 0


plateEnoriEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_enori_plate - 0


plateEvilMetal
moreplates:evil_infused_iron_plate - 0


plateFluix
moreplates:fluix_plate - 0


plateFluorite
jaopca:item_platefluorite - 0


plateGaia
moreplates:gaia_spirit_plate - 0


plateGarnet
jaopca:item_plategarnet - 0


plateGlowstone
moreplates:glowstone_plate - 0


plateGold
thermalfoundation:material - 33
immersiveengineering:metal - 40
techreborn:plates - 1


plateGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_plategoldenberyl - 0


plateHeliodor
jaopca:item_plateheliodor - 0


plateIndicolite
jaopca:item_plateindicolite - 0


plateInvar
thermalfoundation:material - 354
techreborn:plates - 23


plateIolite
jaopca:item_plateiolite - 0


plateIridium
thermalfoundation:material - 327
techreborn:plates - 24


plateIridiumAlloy
techreborn:plates - 38


plateIron
thermalfoundation:material - 32
immersiveengineering:metal - 39
techreborn:plates - 0


plateJade
jaopca:item_platejade - 0


plateJasper
jaopca:item_platejasper - 0


plateKunzite
jaopca:item_platekunzite - 0


plateKyanite
jaopca:item_platekyanite - 0


plateLapis
moreplates:lapis_lazuli_plate - 0


plateLazurite
techreborn:plates - 10


plateLead
thermalfoundation:material - 323
immersiveengineering:metal - 32
techreborn:plates - 25


plateLepidolite
jaopca:item_platelepidolite - 0


plateLumium
thermalfoundation:material - 358


plateMagnalium
techreborn:plates - 37


plateMalachite
jaopca:item_platemalachite - 0


plateManasteel
moreplates:manasteel_plate - 0


plateMelodicAlloy
moreplates:melodic_alloy_plate - 0


plateMithril
thermalfoundation:material - 328


plateMoldavite
jaopca:item_platemoldavite - 0


plateMoonstone
jaopca:item_platemoonstone - 0


plateMorganite
jaopca:item_platemorganite - 0


plateNickel
thermalfoundation:material - 325
immersiveengineering:metal - 34
techreborn:plates - 26


plateObsidian
techreborn:plates - 9


plateOnyx
jaopca:item_plateonyx - 0


plateOpal
jaopca:item_plateopal - 0


plateOsmium
moreplates:osmium_plate - 0


platePalis
moreplates:palis_plate - 0


platePalisEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_palis_plate - 0


platePearl
jaopca:item_platepearl - 0


platePeridot
techreborn:plates - 14


platePlatinum
thermalfoundation:material - 326
techreborn:plates - 27


platePulsatingIron
moreplates:pulsating_iron_plate - 0


platePyrope
jaopca:item_platepyrope - 0


plateQuartz
moreplates:nether_quartz_plate - 0


plateQuartzBlack
moreplates:black_quartz_plate - 0


plateRedGarnet
techreborn:plates - 15


plateRedstone
moreplates:redstone_plate - 0
techreborn:plates - 4


plateRedstoneAlloy
moreplates:redstone_alloy_plate - 0


plateRefinedGlowstone
moreplates:refined_glowstone_plate - 0


plateRefinedIron
techreborn:plates - 35


plateRefinedObsidian
moreplates:refined_obsidian_plate - 0


plateRestonia
moreplates:restonia_plate - 0


plateRestoniaEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_restonia_plate - 0


plateRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_platerosequartz - 0


plateRuby
techreborn:plates - 12


plateSapphire
techreborn:plates - 13


plateSignalum
thermalfoundation:material - 357


plateSilicon
moreplates:silicon_plate - 0
techreborn:plates - 11


plateSilver
thermalfoundation:material - 322
immersiveengineering:metal - 33
techreborn:plates - 28


plateSodalite
jaopca:item_platesodalite - 0


plateSoularium
moreplates:soularium_plate - 0


plateSpinel
jaopca:item_platespinel - 0


plateSteel
thermalfoundation:material - 352
immersiveengineering:metal - 38
techreborn:plates - 29


plateStellarAlloy
moreplates:stellar_alloy_plate - 0


plateSunstone
jaopca:item_platesunstone - 0


plateTanzanite
jaopca:item_platetanzanite - 0


plateTektite
jaopca:item_platetektite - 0


plateTerrasteel
moreplates:terrasteel_plate - 0


plateTin
thermalfoundation:material - 321
techreborn:plates - 30


plateTitanium
techreborn:plates - 31


plateTopaz
jaopca:item_platetopaz - 0


plateTungsten
techreborn:plates - 32


plateTungstensteel
techreborn:plates - 33


plateTurquoise
jaopca:item_plateturquoise - 0


plateUranium
immersiveengineering:metal - 35


plateVibrantAlloy
moreplates:vibrant_alloy_plate - 0


plateVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_platevioletsapphire - 0


plateVividAlloy
moreplates:vivid_alloy_plate - 0


plateVoid
moreplates:void_plate - 0


plateVoidEmpowered
moreplates:empowered_void_plate - 0


plateWood
techreborn:plates - 3


plateYellorium
jaopca:item_plateyellorium - 0


plateYellowGarnet
techreborn:plates - 16


plateZinc
techreborn:plates - 34


plateZircon
jaopca:item_platezircon - 0


plateadvancedAlloy
techreborn:plates - 36


platealuminum
techreborn:plates - 17


platebrass
techreborn:plates - 18


platebronze
techreborn:plates - 19


platechrome
techreborn:plates - 20


platecopper
techreborn:plates - 21


plateelectrum
techreborn:plates - 22


plateinvar
techreborn:plates - 23


plateiridium
techreborn:plates - 24


plateiridiumAlloy
techreborn:plates - 38


platelead
techreborn:plates - 25


platemagnalium
techreborn:plates - 37


platenickel
techreborn:plates - 26


plateperidot
techreborn:plates - 14


plateplatinum
techreborn:plates - 27


plateredGarnet
techreborn:plates - 15


platerefinedIron
techreborn:plates - 35


plateruby
techreborn:plates - 12


platesapphire
techreborn:plates - 13


platesilver
techreborn:plates - 28


platesteel
techreborn:plates - 29


platetin
techreborn:plates - 30


platetitanium
techreborn:plates - 31


platetungsten
techreborn:plates - 32


platetungstensteel
techreborn:plates - 33


plateyellowGarnet
techreborn:plates - 16


platezinc
techreborn:plates - 34


podzol
minecraft:dirt - 2


powderBlaze
minecraft:blaze_powder - 0


powderMana
botania:manaresource - 23


pulpWood
mekanism:sawdust - 0
techreborn:dust - 46
dirtcraft:sawdust - 0


pyreFireStarters
minecraft:flint_and_steel - any


quartzBlaze
botania:quartz - 2


quartzDark
botania:quartz - 0


quartzElven
botania:quartz - 5


quartzLavender
botania:quartz - 3


quartzMana
botania:quartz - 1


quartzRed
botania:quartz - 4


quartzSunny
botania:quartz - 6


quicksilver


rail
minecraft:rail - 0
minecraft:activator_rail - 0
minecraft:detector_rail - 0
minecraft:golden_rail - 0


reBattery
techreborn:rebattery - 0


record
minecraft:record_13 - 0
minecraft:record_cat - 0
minecraft:record_blocks - 0
minecraft:record_chirp - 0
minecraft:record_far - 0
minecraft:record_mall - 0
minecraft:record_mellohi - 0
minecraft:record_stal - 0
minecraft:record_strad - 0
minecraft:record_ward - 0
minecraft:record_11 - 0
minecraft:record_wait - 0


redstoneRoot
botania:manaresource - 6


reflectorBasic
techreborn:part - 26


reflectorThick
techreborn:part - 28


rock
cyclicmagic:stone_pebble - 0


rodAgate
jaopca:item_stickagate - 0


rodAlexandrite
jaopca:item_stickalexandrite - 0


rodAmber
jaopca:item_stickamber - 0


rodAmethyst
jaopca:item_stickamethyst - 0


rodAmetrine
jaopca:item_stickametrine - 0


rodAmmolite
jaopca:item_stickammolite - 0


rodApatite
jaopca:item_stickapatite - 0


rodAquamarine
jaopca:item_stickaquamarine - 0


rodAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_stickastralstarmetal - 0


rodBasalz
thermalfoundation:material - 2052


rodBeryl
jaopca:item_stickberyl - 0


rodBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_stickblackdiamond - 0


rodBlaze
minecraft:blaze_rod - 0


rodBlitz
thermalfoundation:material - 2050


rodBlizz
thermalfoundation:material - 2048


rodBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_stickbluetopaz - 0


rodCarnelian
jaopca:item_stickcarnelian - 0


rodCatsEye
jaopca:item_stickcatseye - 0


rodCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_stickcertusquartz - 0


rodChaos
jaopca:item_stickchaos - 0


rodChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_stickchargedcertusquartz - 0


rodChrysoprase
jaopca:item_stickchrysoprase - 0


rodCitrine
jaopca:item_stickcitrine - 0


rodCoal
jaopca:item_stickcoal - 0


rodCoral
jaopca:item_stickcoral - 0


rodDiamond
jaopca:item_stickdiamond - 0


rodDraconium
jaopca:item_stickdraconium - 0


rodEmerald
jaopca:item_stickemerald - 0


rodEnderEssence
jaopca:item_stickenderessence - 0


rodFluorite
jaopca:item_stickfluorite - 0


rodGarnet
jaopca:item_stickgarnet - 0


rodGold
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 8


rodGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_stickgoldenberyl - 0


rodHeliodor
jaopca:item_stickheliodor - 0


rodIndicolite
jaopca:item_stickindicolite - 0


rodIolite
jaopca:item_stickiolite - 0


rodIron
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 7


rodJade
jaopca:item_stickjade - 0


rodJasper
jaopca:item_stickjasper - 0


rodKunzite
jaopca:item_stickkunzite - 0


rodKyanite
jaopca:item_stickkyanite - 0


rodLapis
jaopca:item_sticklapis - 0


rodLepidolite
jaopca:item_sticklepidolite - 0


rodMalachite
jaopca:item_stickmalachite - 0


rodMoldavite
jaopca:item_stickmoldavite - 0


rodMoonstone
jaopca:item_stickmoonstone - 0


rodMorganite
jaopca:item_stickmorganite - 0


rodOnyx
jaopca:item_stickonyx - 0


rodOpal
jaopca:item_stickopal - 0


rodOsmium
jaopca:item_stickosmium - 0


rodPearl
jaopca:item_stickpearl - 0


rodPeridot
jaopca:item_stickperidot - 0


rodPyrope
jaopca:item_stickpyrope - 0


rodQuartz
jaopca:item_stickquartz - 0


rodQuartzBlack
jaopca:item_stickquartzblack - 0


rodRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_stickrosequartz - 0


rodRuby
jaopca:item_stickruby - 0


rodSapphire
jaopca:item_sticksapphire - 0


rodSilver
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 9


rodSodalite
jaopca:item_sticksodalite - 0


rodSpinel
jaopca:item_stickspinel - 0


rodStone
microblockcbe:stone_rod - 0
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 33


rodSunstone
jaopca:item_sticksunstone - 0


rodTanzanite
jaopca:item_sticktanzanite - 0


rodTektite
jaopca:item_sticktektite - 0


rodTopaz
jaopca:item_sticktopaz - 0


rodTungsten
jaopca:item_sticktungsten - 0


rodTurquoise
jaopca:item_stickturquoise - 0


rodUranium
jaopca:item_stickuranium - 0


rodVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_stickvioletsapphire - 0


rodYellorium
jaopca:item_stickyellorium - 0


rodZircon
jaopca:item_stickzircon - 0


rootsBark
roots:bark_oak - 0
roots:bark_spruce - 0
roots:bark_birch - 0
roots:bark_jungle - 0
roots:bark_dark_oak - 0
roots:bark_acacia - 0
roots:bark_wildwood - 0


rootsBarkWildwood
roots:bark_wildwood - 0


runeAirB
botania:rune - 3


runeAutumnB
botania:rune - 6


runeEarthB
botania:rune - 2


runeEnvyB
botania:rune - 14


runeFireB
botania:rune - 1


runeGluttonyB
botania:rune - 10


runeGreedB
botania:rune - 11


runeLustB
botania:rune - 9


runeManaB
botania:rune - 8


runePrideB
botania:rune - 15


runeSlothB
botania:rune - 12


runeSpringB
botania:rune - 4


runeSummerB
botania:rune - 5


runeWaterB
botania:rune - 0


runeWinterB
botania:rune - 7


runeWrathB
botania:rune - 13


runedObsidian
roots:runed_obsidian - 0
roots:runed_obsidian_brick - 0
roots:runed_obsidian_brick_alt - 0
roots:chiseled_runed_obsidian - 0


runedWood
roots:runed_acacia - 0
roots:runed_dark_oak - 0
roots:runed_oak - 0
roots:runed_birch - 0
roots:runed_jungle - 0
roots:runed_spruce - 0
roots:runed_wildwood - 0


runestone
roots:runestone - 0
roots:runestone_brick - 0
roots:runestone_brick_alt - 0
roots:chiseled_runestone - 0


sand
minecraft:sand - any


sandstone
minecraft:sandstone - any
minecraft:red_sandstone - any


saplingRubber
techreborn:rubber_sapling - 0


scaffoldingAluminium
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 5
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 6
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 7


scaffoldingAluminum
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 5
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 6
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 7


scaffoldingSteel
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 1
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 2
immersiveengineering:metal_decoration1 - 3


scaffoldingTreatedWood
immersiveengineering:wooden_decoration - 1


seed
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0


seedBeetroot
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0


seedCanola
actuallyadditions:item_canola_seed - 0


seedCoffee
actuallyadditions:item_coffee_seed - 0


seedFlax
actuallyadditions:item_flax_seed - 0


seedMelon
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0


seedPumpkin
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0


seedRice
actuallyadditions:item_rice_seed - 0


seedWheat
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0


shardAluminium
jaopca:item_shardaluminium - 0


shardAluminum
jaopca:item_shardaluminium - 0


shardAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_shardastralstarmetal - 0


shardCopper
mekanism:shard - 3


shardDraconium
jaopca:item_sharddraconium - 0


shardGold
mekanism:shard - 1


shardIridium
jaopca:item_shardiridium - 0


shardIron
mekanism:shard - 0


shardLead
mekanism:shard - 6


shardMithril
jaopca:item_shardmithril - 0


shardNickel
jaopca:item_shardnickel - 0


shardOsmium
mekanism:shard - 2


shardPlatinum
jaopca:item_shardplatinum - 0


shardSilver
mekanism:shard - 5


shardTin
mekanism:shard - 4


shardTungsten
jaopca:item_shardtungsten - 0


shardUranium
jaopca:item_sharduranium - 0


shardYellorium
jaopca:item_shardyellorium - 0


shulkerBox
minecraft:white_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:orange_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:lime_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:pink_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:gray_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:silver_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:purple_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:brown_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:green_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:red_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:black_shulker_box - 0


shulkerShell
minecraft:shulker_shell - 0


skullEnderResonator
enderio:item_material - 43


skullGuardianDiode
enderio:item_material - 56


skullSentientEnder
enderio:item_material - 44


skullSkeletalContractor
enderio:item_material - 45


skullZombieController
enderio:item_material - 41


skullZombieElectrode
enderio:item_material - 40


skullZombieFrankenstein
enderio:item_material - 42


slabAluminium
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 1


slabAluminum
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 1


slabBricks
minecraft:stone_slab - 4


slabCobblestone
minecraft:stone_slab - 3


slabConstantan
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 6


slabCopper
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 0


slabElectrum
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 7


slabLead
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 2


slabNetherBrick
minecraft:stone_slab - 6


slabNickel
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 4


slabQuartz
minecraft:stone_slab - 7


slabQuartzBlaze
botania:quartzslabblazehalf - 0


slabQuartzDark
botania:quartzslabdarkhalf - 0


slabQuartzElven
botania:quartzslabelfhalf - 0


slabQuartzLavender
botania:quartzslablavenderhalf - 0


slabQuartzMana
botania:quartzslabmanahalf - 0


slabQuartzRed
botania:quartzslabredhalf - 0


slabQuartzSunny
botania:quartzslabsunnyhalf - 0


slabSandstone
minecraft:stone_slab - 1


slabSheetmetalAluminium
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 1


slabSheetmetalAluminum
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 1


slabSheetmetalConstantan
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 6


slabSheetmetalCopper
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 0


slabSheetmetalElectrum
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 7


slabSheetmetalGold
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 10


slabSheetmetalIron
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 9


slabSheetmetalLead
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 2


slabSheetmetalNickel
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 4


slabSheetmetalSilver
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 3


slabSheetmetalSteel
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 8


slabSheetmetalUranium
immersiveengineering:sheetmetal_slab - 5


slabSilver
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 3


slabSteel
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 8


slabStone
minecraft:stone_slab - 0


slabStoneBricks
minecraft:stone_slab - 5


slabTreatedWood
immersiveengineering:treated_wood_slab - any


slabUranium
immersiveengineering:storage_slab - 5


slabWood
minecraft:wooden_slab - any
techreborn:rubber_plank_double_slab - any
roots:wildwood_slab - 0
mysticalworld:charred_slab - 0


slabWoodAcacia
minecraft:wooden_slab - 4


slabWoodBirch
minecraft:wooden_slab - 2


slabWoodDarkOak
minecraft:wooden_slab - 5


slabWoodJungle
minecraft:wooden_slab - 3


slabWoodOak
minecraft:wooden_slab - 0


slabWoodSpruce
minecraft:wooden_slab - 1


slimeball
minecraft:slime_ball - 0
silentgems:craftingmaterial - 31
actuallyadditions:item_misc - 12
industrialforegoing:pink_slime - 0
roots:strange_ooze - 0
theaurorian:aurorianslimeball - 0


slimeballPink
industrialforegoing:pink_slime - 0


snowLayer
minecraft:snow_layer - 0


snowball
minecraft:snowball - 0


soulSand
minecraft:soul_sand - 0


spiderEye
minecraft:spider_eye - 0


stairQuartzBlaze
botania:quartzstairsblaze - 0


stairQuartzDark
botania:quartzstairsdark - 0


stairQuartzElven
botania:quartzstairself - 0


stairQuartzLavender
botania:quartzstairslavender - 0


stairQuartzMana
botania:quartzstairsmana - 0


stairQuartzRed
botania:quartzstairsred - 0


stairQuartzSunny
botania:quartzstairssunny - 0


stairWood
minecraft:oak_stairs - 0
minecraft:spruce_stairs - 0
minecraft:birch_stairs - 0
minecraft:jungle_stairs - 0
minecraft:acacia_stairs - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_stairs - 0
techreborn:rubber_plank_stair - any
integrateddynamics:menril_planks_stairs - 0
roots:wildwood_stairs - 0
mysticalworld:charred_stairs - 0
theaurorian:silentwoodstairs - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowplanksstairs - 0


stickAgate
jaopca:item_stickagate - 0


stickAlexandrite
jaopca:item_stickalexandrite - 0


stickAluminium
immersiveengineering:material - 3


stickAluminum
immersiveengineering:material - 3


stickAmber
jaopca:item_stickamber - 0


stickAmethyst
jaopca:item_stickamethyst - 0


stickAmetrine
jaopca:item_stickametrine - 0


stickAmmolite
jaopca:item_stickammolite - 0


stickApatite
jaopca:item_stickapatite - 0


stickAquamarine
jaopca:item_stickaquamarine - 0


stickAstralStarmetal
jaopca:item_stickastralstarmetal - 0


stickBeryl
jaopca:item_stickberyl - 0


stickBlackDiamond
jaopca:item_stickblackdiamond - 0


stickBlueTopaz
jaopca:item_stickbluetopaz - 0


stickBronze
moreplates:bronze_stick - 0


stickCane
tp:bsc_rod - 0


stickCarnelian
jaopca:item_stickcarnelian - 0


stickCatsEye
jaopca:item_stickcatseye - 0


stickCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_stickcertusquartz - 0


stickChaos
jaopca:item_stickchaos - 0


stickChargedCertusQuartz
jaopca:item_stickchargedcertusquartz - 0


stickChrysoprase
jaopca:item_stickchrysoprase - 0


stickCitrine
jaopca:item_stickcitrine - 0


stickCoal
jaopca:item_stickcoal - 0


stickConstantan
moreplates:constantan_stick - 0


stickCopper
moreplates:copper_stick - 0


stickCoral
jaopca:item_stickcoral - 0


stickDiamond
jaopca:item_stickdiamond - 0


stickDraconium
jaopca:item_stickdraconium - 0


stickElectrum
moreplates:electrum_stick - 0


stickEmerald
jaopca:item_stickemerald - 0


stickEnderEssence
jaopca:item_stickenderessence - 0


stickEnderium
moreplates:enderium_stick - 0


stickFluorite
jaopca:item_stickfluorite - 0


stickGarnet
jaopca:item_stickgarnet - 0


stickGold
moreplates:gold_stick - 0


stickGoldenBeryl
jaopca:item_stickgoldenberyl - 0


stickHeliodor
jaopca:item_stickheliodor - 0


stickIndicolite
jaopca:item_stickindicolite - 0


stickInvar
moreplates:invar_stick - 0


stickIolite
jaopca:item_stickiolite - 0


stickIridium
moreplates:iridium_stick - 0


stickIron
immersiveengineering:material - 1


stickJade
jaopca:item_stickjade - 0


stickJasper
jaopca:item_stickjasper - 0


stickKunzite
jaopca:item_stickkunzite - 0


stickKyanite
jaopca:item_stickkyanite - 0


stickLapis
jaopca:item_sticklapis - 0


stickLead
moreplates:lead_stick - 0


stickLepidolite
jaopca:item_sticklepidolite - 0


stickLumium
moreplates:lumium_stick - 0


stickMalachite
jaopca:item_stickmalachite - 0


stickMithril
moreplates:mana_infused_stick - 0


stickMoldavite
jaopca:item_stickmoldavite - 0


stickMoonstone
jaopca:item_stickmoonstone - 0


stickMorganite
jaopca:item_stickmorganite - 0


stickNether
tp:nether_rod - 0


stickNickel
moreplates:nickel_stick - 0


stickOnyx
jaopca:item_stickonyx - 0


stickOpal
jaopca:item_stickopal - 0


stickOsmium
jaopca:item_stickosmium - 0


stickPearl
jaopca:item_stickpearl - 0


stickPeridot
jaopca:item_stickperidot - 0


stickPlatinum
moreplates:platinum_stick - 0


stickPyrope
jaopca:item_stickpyrope - 0


stickQuartz
jaopca:item_stickquartz - 0


stickQuartzBlack
jaopca:item_stickquartzblack - 0


stickRoseQuartz
jaopca:item_stickrosequartz - 0


stickRuby
jaopca:item_stickruby - 0


stickSapphire
jaopca:item_sticksapphire - 0


stickSignalum
moreplates:signalum_stick - 0


stickSilentwood
theaurorian:silentwoodstick - 0


stickSilver
moreplates:silver_stick - 0


stickSodalite
jaopca:item_sticksodalite - 0


stickSpinel
jaopca:item_stickspinel - 0


stickSteel
immersiveengineering:material - 2


stickSunstone
jaopca:item_sticksunstone - 0


stickTanzanite
jaopca:item_sticktanzanite - 0


stickTektite
jaopca:item_sticktektite - 0


stickTin
moreplates:tin_stick - 0


stickTopaz
jaopca:item_sticktopaz - 0


stickTreatedWood
immersiveengineering:material - 0


stickTungsten
jaopca:item_sticktungsten - 0


stickTurquoise
jaopca:item_stickturquoise - 0


stickUranium
jaopca:item_stickuranium - 0


stickVioletSapphire
jaopca:item_stickvioletsapphire - 0


stickWood
minecraft:stick - 0
naturesaura:ancient_stick - 0


stickYellorium
jaopca:item_stickyellorium - 0


stickZircon
jaopca:item_stickzircon - 0


stone
minecraft:stone - 0


stoneAndesite
minecraft:stone - 5


stoneAndesitePolished
minecraft:stone - 6


stoneAurorian
theaurorian:aurorianstone - 0


stoneDiorite
minecraft:stone - 3


stoneDioritePolished
minecraft:stone - 4


stoneGranite
minecraft:stone - 1


stoneGranitePolished
minecraft:stone - 2


stoneMarble
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 0
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 1
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 2
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 3
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 4
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 5
astralsorcery:blockmarble - 6


stonebrick
minecraft:stonebrick - 0
minecraft:stonebrick - 1
minecraft:stonebrick - 3
minecraft:stonebrick - 2


string
minecraft:string - 0
mysticalworld:silk_thread - 0
theaurorian:plantfiber - 0


sugarcane
minecraft:reeds - 0
tp:dead_reed - 0


tallgrass
minecraft:tallgrass - 1
minecraft:tallgrass - 2


tinyDustGold
mysticalworld:gold_dust_tiny - 0


tinyDustIron
mysticalworld:iron_dust_tiny - 0


toolHoe
minecraft:wooden_hoe - any
minecraft:iron_hoe - any
minecraft:stone_hoe - any
minecraft:diamond_hoe - any
minecraft:golden_hoe - any
mekanismtools:bronzehoe - any
mekanismtools:steelhoe - any
mekanismtools:obsidianhoe - any
mekanismtools:lapislazulihoe - any
mekanismtools:osmiumhoe - any
mekanismtools:glowstonehoe - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_invar - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_copper - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_bronze - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_silver - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_electrum - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_tin - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_lead - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_nickel - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_platinum - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_aluminum - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_steel - any
thermalfoundation:tool.hoe_constantan - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_quartz - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_emerald - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_obsidian - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_crystal_red - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_crystal_blue - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_crystal_light_blue - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_crystal_black - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_crystal_green - any
actuallyadditions:item_hoe_crystal_white - any
appliedenergistics2:nether_quartz_hoe - any
appliedenergistics2:certus_quartz_hoe - any
techreborn:bronzehoe - any
techreborn:rubyhoe - any
techreborn:sapphirehoe - any
techreborn:peridothoe - any
draconicevolution:draconic_hoe - any


toolShears
minecraft:shears - any
enderio:item_dark_steel_shears - any


toolTreetap
enderio:item_dark_steel_treetap - any
techreborn:treetap - any


torch
minecraft:torch - 0
integrateddynamics:menril_torch - 0
integrateddynamics:menril_torch_stone - 0
theaurorian:silentwoodtorch - 0


treeLeaves
minecraft:leaves - any
minecraft:leaves2 - any
techreborn:rubber_leaves - any
extrautils2:ironwood_leaves - any
randomthings:spectreleaf - 0
integrateddynamics:menril_leaves - 0
roots:wildwood_leaves - 0
naturesaura:ancient_leaves - 0
theaurorian:silentwoodleaves - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowleaves - 0


treeSapling
minecraft:sapling - any
techreborn:rubber_sapling - 0
extrautils2:ironwood_sapling - any
randomthings:spectresapling - 0
integrateddynamics:menril_sapling - 0
theaurorian:silentwoodsapling - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowsapling - 0


unholyDarkFusedGlass
enderio:block_unholy_dark_fused_glass - any


unholyDarkFusedQuartz
enderio:block_unholy_dark_fused_quartz - any


unholyEnlightenedFusedGlass
enderio:block_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass - any


unholyEnlightenedFusedQuartz
enderio:block_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz - any


unholyFusedGlass
enderio:block_unholy_fused_glass - any


unholyFusedQuartz
enderio:block_unholy_fused_quartz - any


universalCable
mekanism:transmitter - 0


vine
minecraft:vine - 0


voodooPoppetProtectionBurn
minecraft:magma_cream - 0


voodooPoppetProtectionDarkness
minecraft:ghast_tear - 0


voodooPoppetProtectionFall
minecraft:feather - 0


voodooPoppetProtectionLightning
minecraft:stick - 0


voodooPoppetProtectionSuffocation
minecraft:waterlily - 0


wildroot
roots:wildroot - 0


wireAluminium
immersiveengineering:material - 22


wireAluminum
immersiveengineering:material - 22


wireCopper
immersiveengineering:material - 20


wireElectrum
immersiveengineering:material - 21


wireSteel
immersiveengineering:material - 23


witherRib
tp:wither_rib - 0


wool
minecraft:wool - any


woolBlack
minecraft:wool - 15


woolBlue
minecraft:wool - 11


woolBrown
minecraft:wool - 12


woolCyan
minecraft:wool - 9


woolGray
minecraft:wool - 7


woolGreen
minecraft:wool - 13


woolLightBlue
minecraft:wool - 3


woolLightGray
minecraft:wool - 8


woolLime
minecraft:wool - 5


woolMagenta
minecraft:wool - 2


woolOrange
minecraft:wool - 1


woolPink
minecraft:wool - 6


woolPurple
minecraft:wool - 10


woolRed
minecraft:wool - 14


woolWhite
minecraft:wool - 0


woolYellow
minecraft:wool - 4


workbench
minecraft:crafting_table - 0
cyclicmagic:block_workbench - 0
theaurorian:silentwoodcraftingtable - 0


xuRedstoneCoil
extrautils2:ingredients - 13


xuUpgradeBlank
extrautils2:ingredients - 9


xuUpgradeMining
extrautils2:ingredients - 8


xuUpgradeSpeed
extrautils2:ingredients - 6


xuUpgradeSpeedEnchanted
extrautils2:ingredients - 15
extrautils2:ingredients - 16


xuUpgradeStack
extrautils2:ingredients - 7


